                           MAJOR CHARACTERS
                           ----------------

Horibe Hyobe (17): The protagonist.  A slacker, but has always been
obsessed with magic tricks.  He strives to learn new tricks
constantly, and whenever he has any spare time he practices with a
deck of cards he always carries with him.

Ishikura Saku (17): The middle of the three Ishikura sisters, and a
classmate of Hyobe's.  Last practicing member of the Eighth Order,
which prior to the drought had practiced sorcery for over a century.
Icy and obsessive-compulsive personality..

Junde Kuriko (19): The Matron of the Temple chapter in Japan.  Has a
fiery, vindictive personality.

Ona (?): One of the eight original tyrant kings.  Instead of
fighting alongside the others against the Guild, she instead fled to
Secundus.  A vicious, sadistic woman.


                           MINOR CHARACTERS
                           ----------------

Ishikura Eiko (14): Youngest of the three Ishikura sisters.  Extremely
cynical, and skeptical of everything.  Though she mocks Saku for
following the Order, she secretly admires her.

Ishikura Kozu (23): Eldest of the three Ishikura sisters.  A college
graduate, now lives hopping from job to job, boyfriend to boyfriend.
A lover in search of love.  Carefree, untethered personality.
Unreliable.

Ishikura Kaori (43): Wife of Ishikura Daigo, mother of Saku and Eiko.
A serious but kind woman.  Her marriage with Daigo was arranged by
Daigo's mother.

Ishikura Shiori (35): Former wife of Ishikura Daigo, mother of Kozu.
Was a carefree girl who befriended the serious Daigo in college.  Died
of unknown causes eighteen years ago.

Ishikura Daigo (48): Current head of the Ishikura family, husband of
Kaori, father of Saku, Eiko and Kozu.

Ashimoto Aka (17): Classmate of Hyobe's.  The two are convivial
friends.  An intellectual who loves to read.  Her boyfriend is Hanzo
Jyoji.

Hanzo Jyoji (17): Classmate of Hyobe's.  Outgoing, active in sports.
His girlfriend is Ashimoto Aka.

Hanzo Rena (20): Jyoji's older sister.  Loves alcohol.

Horibe Eriko (37): Hyobe's mother.

Kurogane Ainosuke (47): A reporter, currently on extended leave while
working on his book about the history of Uoki.

Nigel Ward (35): A member of the Temple, an organization which
throughout history has been responsible for hunting sorcerers.
Currently serving underneath Kuriko to investigate recent reports of
sorcerer activity in Japan.

Sariel (?): One of the eight original tyrant kings.  After over 500
years of existence she became tired of her life, until she met Itan.
Itan convinced her that the future of the world depended on the end of
the Age of Tyrants.  She sacrificed herself to seal all the tone sinks
in Primus, giving the Guild a chance to strike down the other tyrant
kings.  In doing so she betrayed a promise she had made with Ona.

Grundel (?): One of the eight original tyrant kings.  Killed by the
Guild during the Sealing.

Atax (?): One of the eight original tyrant kings.  Killed by the
Guild during the Sealing.

Buchial (?): One of the eight original tyrant kings.  Killed by the
Guild during the Sealing.

Hadrus (?): One of the eight original tyrant kings.  Killed by the
Guild during the Sealing.

Imalon (?): One of the eight original tyrant kings.  Killed by the
Guild during the Sealing.

Ishur (?): One of the eight original tyrant kings.  Killed by the
Guild during the Sealing.

Diegas (?): The original tyrant emperor, whom the eight heroes
rebelled against.  Wielded Aegulus, the Spear of the Songs, which had
the power to destroy entire worlds.

Nimrod (15): Was originally a creation of the sink user Lauran,
designed to kill the tyrant kings.  Lauran's plan backfired however as
Nimrod went rampant and destroyed nearly half the world.  It took the
combined efforts of Sariel, Atax, and Buchial to stop the monster.
