-*- mode:text; mode:auto-fill; indent-tabs-mode:nil; -*-

I enter the changing room.

I change out of my clothes and put them in a small basket.  There's a
piece of masking tape on the basket, with the number eight scrawled in
black marker.  I put the basket in the shelf and exit the room.

The water is perfectly calm, and you can see the moon reflecting off
the surface.  There's no wind, no sound.  There's no one else here.

I slowly slip into the water, letting my body adjust to the drastic
temperature shift.  Soon, my entire body is submerged.

Heaven.

Warmth surrounds me.  I could perhaps spend a few thought cycles
comparing the onsen to a womb, and perhaps draw some parallels between
the two, but no, I'm too busy relaxing to think about such things.

This is the best.

The feeling of taking a hot bath outside, in the middle of the night,
when it's so cold outside that it might snow any minute.  It's the
contrast that makes it feel so indulgent.

I hear a noise behind me.  The sound of a door opening.  Moments later
I can hear it closing.

I turn around and standing at the edge of the otenburo is Naomi,
hiding behind a towel that's just large enough to cover the important
parts.  The otenburo is cloaked in darkness and she hasn't noticed me
yet.

"Yo," I call out, not sure of a better way to announce my presence to
her.

She pauses upon hearing my voice.  She stares out in the darkness,
above my head.  I paddle towards the edge, and slowly my face is
revealed underneath the flickering lantern light.

"Oh," she says.  She continues to step into the water.

"Wait a minute," I tell her, "I'm naked, you know."

"So?  It's too dark for me to see anything."

"What about you?  I've been eating my carrots.  My night vision is
pretty good."

"What about it?"

She's standing waist deep in the water when she lets her towel drop.

"A...a...swimsuit?"

"Of course.  I didn't know if anyone would be here.  I'm not about to
exactly show my naked body to a bunch of strangers."

I sigh.

"Have you no pride?" I say under my breath.

She paddles over to where I'm sitting and sits down next to me.

"Ah, this is a nice otenburo.  Much nicer than the ones I've been to.
Usually the water is dirty or just tepid, but this one is really hot.
I could probably faint if I stay in here too long."

"If you drown, I'll have to perform mouth-to-mouth on you."

"Well...I wouldn't mind that much.  If it meant saving my life, that
is."

She leans back.  Even though she's wearing a swimsuit, it's a fairly
revealing one, and I sitting close to her I can easily see the
cleavage of her breasts.  I divert my eyes.

"I was worried someone would be here," she says.

"Besides me, you mean?"

"Yeah.  This place is pretty expensive, isn't it?"

I nod.

"That means no one stays here but old people.  You've no clue how
uncomfortable it feels to share an otenburo with people three, four
times your age."

"Is it that bad?"

"Yes, it's that bad!  They all leer at you.  It gets worse if they
find out you're still in high school.  To tell you the truth, I was
ready to turn around if I saw anyone else in here."

"Well, they're old, so they probably go to bed early."

I look up at the sky.  There's not a single cloud obscuring our view.
It's probably almost midnight by now.

"Hey Naomi..."

"What?"

"Let's talk about something."

"Okay.  What do you want to talk about?"

"Do you believe in God?"

"No."

"Neither do I."

"That's nice."

"..."

"......"

"It's your turn to pick a conversation topic."

"What is this, a date?  Okay, fine.  I honestly know nothing about
you, Horibe."

"Besides having a gorgeous dynamite body, you mean?"

"Yeah.  Besides that.  I know you're in the magic club with Aka.  How
long have you been practicing magic?"

I watch the stars twinkle.

"Seven years."

"So...since you were ten?"

"Yup."

"That's a lot!  No wonder you're so good."

"Thank you."

"I don't want to inflate your ego or anything, but your tricks are
pretty good.  As good as anything I've seen on television.

"I don't know if you already know this, but the previous magic club
captain put on shows, too.  A year ago, when Aka first joined the
magic club to replace the former assistant.

"She wasn't bad, but no one went to her shows.  She didn't know that
many tricks, so she'd do the same thing over and over again.
Sometimes in the same show.  It's not like our school has a huge
turnover rate, so eventually people stopped going to her shows.  She'd
be lucky if two people showed up.

"But it's different for you.  I go to every show.  For Aka's sake,
mind you.  And it feels like every time, the crowd gets bigger.  Word
of mouth, do you think?"

"Probably.  We don't really advertise much."

"I think that's incredible.  To entertain so many people.  That's not
easy, you know.  That requires a certain gift."

"Are you sure they're not just there to see Ashimoto-san in a
bunnygirl costume?"

She laughs.

"I noticed that.  I should probably be offended as a representative of
the female gender, but in practical business sense, I can't deny that
was a smart move."

"It's a beautiful night, isn't it?  You know what would make this
night even more perfect?"

"What would that be?"

"Some sake."

"You drink?"

"A little."

"Oh ho.  I never would've guessed.  My parents own a sake store, you
know."

"Really?"

"And my uncle runs a small distillery."