-*- mode:text; mode:auto-fill; indent-tabs-mode:nil; -*-

When I wake up, vestiges of last night's talk with Jyoji linger in my
memory.  Jyoji isn't known for being talkative, and you usually have
to bombard him with questions just to get a word out of him.  For him
to say so much, much of it deeply personal, leads me to wonder if he's
been taking any strange pills lately.

But now I know.  Jyoji and Aka are deeply in love.  The two of them
share a level of dedication that you seldom see in high school
students.  They're completely lost in their own world, a world where
the very notion of infidelity is foreign.  It makes me want to support
them all the more.

I get out of bed and get ready for school.

                                -----

My mother is still asleep and I don't want to wake her up, so I
scrounge together leftovers and eat a minimal meal.  Some rice, some
pickles, some soup.  I clean up and leave quietly

                                -----

I see someone unusual on my way to school.

"Yo," Naomi calls out to me.

"What are you doing up this early?" I ask.  Usually I don't see her
until a few minutes after I get to class.

"Got a makeup test to take," she explains.  She's swinging her bag
around playfully.

"I've never seen you up before eight."

"How rude!  I'm up by seven fifty!  Usually."

We stop at a busy intersection.

"What are you doing this weekend?" Naomi asks me.

"Oh you know, the usual.  Jigsaw puzzles.  Madlibs.  Who knows, I'm
feeling adventurous, maybe I'll even roll a ball around with a stick."

"Come with me."

"Huh?  Where?"

"A party this college guy I know is throwing."

"College guy?  Since when did you have college friends?"

"We're not friends exactly...we've just met each other at other
parties."

"Hmm."

I'm a bit suspicious.

"Why are you inviting me, of all people?" I ask.

"Mayu is making up with her boyfriend.  Aka is gonna be away with
Jyoji, and when I asked Ruri she said her parents needed her for
something.  So that leaves you."

The truth comes out.

"In other words, I'm your last resort."

"Don't feel so bad.  I could've asked Makimura before you."

I sigh.  But an invitation is an invitation.

"Sure, I'll go."

The light turns green and we cross the street.  Naomi takes out her
cell and points it at me.

"Let's swap numbers.  I'll give you the details later."

                                -----

Naomi calls me a few minutes before seven and we agree to meet up at
the train station.

When I arrive the platform is empty aside from a young woman sitting
by herself.  I sit down in another bench, not wishing to intrude upon
her space.  I wait for Naomi to show up.  I must be early.

"Why are you sitting there?" the woman asks me.

"Huh?"

"Sit next to me."

"Uh...okay."

I'm not about to turn down an opportunity to sit next to a pretty
lady.

I sit down next to her and do my best not to stare.  I steal a feel
reluctant glances.  I don't want to look lecherous, but I'm not about
to totally ignore--

"Naomi?  Is that you?"

"Of course it is.  Who'd you think I was?"

I can barely recognize the girl sitting next to me.  Her hair is done
up in a coil and she's put on some exotic looking blue mascara.  Her
lips are painted with dark red rouge and she's wearing a flimsy
looking blouse and a black miniskirt.  She looks at least six years
older from what I last remember seeing of her.

"Wow," is all I can say.

"I wish you would've dressed up a little," she says with a
disappointed look.

I look down at my own clothes.  I'm wearing a t-shirt and some blue
jeans.  Not exactly high class.

"This is a college party we're going to, you know."

"Yeah, but it's not a business social or anything..."

The platform begins flashing as the train arrives.  We board the empty
train and take our seats next to each other.

"In what capacity am I accompanying you?" I ask.

"We're just classmates."

"Okay."

"As soon as we arrive, I'll introduce you to some people but we should
probably split up then."

"We're not gonna be together?  Why am I coming in the first place,
then?"

"So you can have a good time."

I chuckle.  Already she's trying to distance herself from me, and
we're not even at the house yet.  The only thing to do, besides
getting mad, is to laugh.  So I laugh.

"Okay, I can do that."

                                -----

"Wait.  Don't tell me.  The two of you were walking outside when it
suddenly began to rain.  You ran inside but it was too late and your
clothes got wet.  You didn't want her to catch a cold so you took her
clothes off.  And to keep her body warm, you decided to lie down next
to her, with absolutely no ulterior motives, no plans of 