-*- mode:text; mode:auto-fill; indent-tabs-mode:nil; -*-

                                ======

6/4 - FRIDAY

"Good morning."

I look up.  Even though I sit far away from the window, I feel like
I'm staring at the rising sun.  Ashimoto Aka, the girl who sits across
the aisle from me, is smiling, and when Aka is smiling all the
problems of the world seem a bit more tolerable.

"Good morning, Aka-san," I respond.

"The weather today is nice, isn't it?"

"The weather today is very fine indeed."

"I could have walked to school probably."

"Your parents drove you here again?"

"Yes."

"Tut tut, Aka-san!  Think of the environment!  Every time you
drive a baby fern dies in the rain forest."

"Oh my."

"You don't want that to happen, do you?"

She smiles again.

"Next time I'll be sure to walk."

"I'll help you."

"Help me walk?"

"Yes!  We live in the same neighborhood, don't we?"

"Well...I guess the way is the same."

To be truthful, Aka and I live in completely different neighborhoods.
She lives on top of a hill where all the huge three floor mansions
are.  I, on the other hand, live in a small three bedroom house with
my parents.

"I would like to walk with you," she says with a smile.  My heart
flutters a bit.

She takes her seat.  Moments later the teacher arrives and classes
start.

                                -----

My name is Horibe Hyobe and my least favorite subject is history.

Today we are learning something about China.  I can barely pay
attention for more than a minute before my attention starts drifting.
It's not my fault!  I am a child of my generation.  A generation of
inattentive children.

I start twirling my pencil around my thumb.  I'm rather good at doing
this.  I know a lot of kids are.  Instead of studying history, they
practice pencil twirling.  But I assure you, I am unnaturally good.
If national pencil twirling tournaments were held, I'd make it to the
final bracket.  The judges would stand up.  The announcer would start
screaming.  The crowds would go wild as four eighty inch LCD screens
displayed my superhuman dexterity.  Very likely someone would wet
their pants.

Ah.

I'm bored.

I close my eyes.

I start to hear music.

No, I'm not humming to myself, and I'm not remembering a Smiths album.
I'm definitely hearing something.  A beautiful, melancholy song.  The
melody is haunting.  The instruments I can't really identify, sounds
like a cross between a glass harmonica and a twelve string guitar.

But it's definitely real.

"Hyobe, read the next paragraph."

I open my eyes, startled.  My teacher is staring at me.  Actually, the
whole class is staring at me.

"What?"

"Were you dozing off again?"

"I..."

Aka nudged me in the shoulder and points at a line in her textbook.  I
flip to the next page and I commence reading.

When I finish reading, the teacher looks up at me.

"You have a nice voice," she tells me.

"Eh?"

"It reminds me of my father's."

"Michiko, you should give Hyobe an A."

She glares at me.

"You don't remind me of him that much.  Ashimoto, read the next
paragraph."

                                -----

It's lunch time!

Today I got up extra early to pack a nice big boxed lunch.  Rice
sprinkled with furikake, some leftover beef curry, roasted potatoes,
and a small hunk of glazed salmon.  A meal fit for a king (or a
growing teenaged boy).

Most the kids in my class eat lunch at the cafeteria, but a few stay
behind.  Most of them brought boxed lunches, or bought something at a
convenience store before coming to school.  Aka and I are in the
former group.

I let her try a bit of the salmon.

"You're quite good at cooking, Hyobe-kun."

"My mother taught me."

"Really?"

"Instead of playing baseball with the neighborhood kids, she turned me
into a surrogate daughter and taught me how to cook, how to clean, how
to do the laundary..."

"That sounds like it was hard on you."

"Well, I gained some valuable life skills thanks to her.  And at least
she didn't force me to wear dresses.  That would have been crossing
the line."

"I think I agree."

"Yours doesn't look too shabby either, Aka-san."

"Oh this?"

Aka lunch is simpler but no less delicious looking: fried rice,
omelettes, sausages, and a small salad.

"It's not very complicated."

"Food doesn't need to be complicated to be good," I tell her.

"Perhaps you're right."

Nibble nibble.

"Hyobe-kun, are you doing anything tomorrow afternoon?"

"Eh? Me? No, not really."

"Jyoji and I were thinking of celebrating the soccer team's win last
night."

"Wouldn't I be intruding?"

"Oh no, not at all.  We're inviting several people.  Actually I was
wondering if you would help with cooking..."

Aha.

"Sure.  I'd be glad to help."

"Thank you very much."

We finish eating our lunches.  When the bell rings it's time for the
second half of the school day.

                                -----

There are exactly twenty-six students in my class (believe me, I've
counted), which not coincidentally is only 0.6 students away from this
year's average.  I compile worthless statistics like this in my spare
time.  This is how bored I am usually.  The median class size is 28,
by the way.

My class has a dearth of exceptional students.  No math wizards, no
star players on the school basketball team.  Everyone here is too
short for that, anyway.  About the only interesting person in this
class (besides myself, of course) is Itou Saku.

Itou Saku sits in the first seat of the first row.  Her grades are
immaculate.  Whenever I ask her what grade she got on an exam, she
answers me without the slightest hint of pride or humility.  100.  98.
99.  99.  On one rare occassion, a 97.

Even though technically speaking she's not our class representative
(that title belongs to Tanaka Makoto, who got it only because of his
popularity), she has pretty much spearheaded all the class projects.
During the previous year's culture festival, our class placed first in
revenue generated.  She's like a natural born leader.  While she
doesn't gush with charisma (and in fact can be abrasive at times),
there's no questioning her organizational skills.  She barks orders
out like a despot, but when everyone listens to her, the end results
are about as close to perfect as you can get in reality.

Everyone knows she's the second daughter of Itou Daigo, who's just
about the most powerful man in town.  The Itou family extends far and
wide, from the top most government ranks down to the various store
owners that populate Uoki.  It's hard not to bump into at least one of
their family members on an average day.

As far as looks are concerned, she has an elegant beauty.  She keeps
her long hair tied in a simple ponytail, always tied back with a
single green ribbon.  Her eyes are crystal clear, and her lips are
thin and pressed tight.  She's pretty, but she lacks the sort of
warmth girls like Aka have.  For this reason boys have mostly avoided
her.

Before I know it the final bell rings.  School is over.  Kids start
packing their things.  I watch, from the second row, as Saku puts her
pencils in her pencil case.  She stacks her notebooks and textbooks
neatly, then slips them into her bag.  She unbuttons the side pocket
and slips in the pencil case.  She fastens everything closed, then
stands up and slides the chair in.  Every single day, the routine is
the exact same.  Her arm and hand movements, all mechanically
identical from day to day.

I watch her walk past my desk.

"Have a good afternoon Itou-san," I say out loud.

She doesn't respond.

"That was strange of you," Aka says to me.  "You don't usually greet
her like that."

"I was in a greeting mood."

"Don't you get the feeling that she's lonely?"

"Huh?  She has plenty of friends.  More than me.  How is that
possible?"

"I know she has friends, but...she just seems lonely to me."

"..."

"Well, have a nice weekend, Horibe-kun."

"You too, Aka-san."

                                -----

I walk back home on my own.

The sun is beginning to set and the sky is turning orange.  My route
home is the same as my route to school.  The longest part is walking
down a street that goes straight through the middle of the town.  My
house is pretty much on the opposite side.

I pass one of Uoki's many parks.  Despite being a fairly small town,
we have plenty of parks, at least four to my knowledge.  And they're
all pretty big in size, enough that you could get lost in one.  The
one closet to my house, Fuyuno Park, is especially nice because it has
a water fountain that works during the summer.  On the weekends I'll
often spend the entire day there, listening to music or reading manga.

I arrive home without incident.

                                =====

6/5 - SATURDAY

Today's Saturday.  Aka and I agree to meet at the gates once classes
are over.

When I arrive I see Aka and wave to her.  Jyoji is with her. He's a
handsome fellow, with tousled hair, a broad chest and a sculpted chin.
Usually when you see him around school he's always frowning, but he's
completely different when he's with Aka.  There's a subtle grin on his
face, like he thinks he's the luckiest man in the world, and his
previously menacing aura transforms into one of charismatic easiness.

"Hey Hyobe," he calls out to me.

"Hello, Jyoji.  Congradulations on your win."

"I didn't do much.  It was definitely a team effort."

"Is anyone else coming?"

"The whole team will be there, and some other friends."

"Hyobe-kun said he'd help with the cooking," Aka says.

"Really? That'll be swell!"

"I've got nothing else to do," I say.

I learn that the party is being held at Jyoji house, and he lives only
a few blocks away from school.

"Must be nice living so close to school," I tell him.  "I have to walk
three kilometers each way every day."

"Ouch," he says, wincing.  "Well, three kilometers isn't too bad."

"Not to you, maybe.  It's a hell of a lot to me."

He laughs, and I laugh with him.

We arrive at his house after a few minutes.  He lives in a nice place,
somewhere in between my house and Aka's house.  The front lawn is
spacious and filled with verdant grass.

Jyoji turns the door knob but it doesn't open.

"That's weird," he says.  "We usually leve it open."

He pushes the doorbell and the doorbell chimes.  I can hear echoes.
We wait.

"You don't have a key?" I ask.

"I forgot it," he says sheepishly.

He pushes it again but no one answers.

"That's weird," Jyoji says while scratching his head.  "My sister
should be inside."

He leads us around the house to the back door, but that one's locked
as well.

"Well this sucks," Jyoji says.

"Maybe you can try calling her?" Aka asks.

We walk around back to the front of the house.  Jyoji takes out his
cellphone and dials a number.

Out of the corner of my eye I spot someone walking down the street and
disappearing into a corner.  Someone wearing our school's uniform,
with her long hair tied in a ponytail with a green ribbon.

"Come on, Rena, pick up the phone."

But even after five rings, no one answers.

"Should we have the party at my house?" Aka offers.

"I'd have to call everyone up and tell them," Jyoji says.  He looks
annoyed.

"Want to try breaking in?" I suggest.

"Huh?" the of two of them collectively say.

"I think this door lock is one of those simple ones you can open with
a credit card."

"Hold on," Aka says, reaching for her purse, "I have one."

Aka hands me her credit card (a platinum!?).  I shimmy it in between
the door and the lock and after some finagling I manage to unlock the
door.

"Amazing," Jyoji says.  "Where'd you learn that?"

I shrug and we both enter his house.

                                -----

Even though it's bright outside, the interior of Jyoji's house is
unusually dark.  All the lights are off, all the curtains and shades
are drawn.

"Rena!" Jyoji calls out.  "What happened? Where are you?"

He turns on a few lights.

"I'll look upstairs," he says.  "You two can just wait here."

Aka takes a seat on one of the couches.  I rub my head.

"Is something wrong?" she asks me.

"No, it's nothing."

The song.

I'm hearing it.

And it's louder than I've ever heard it.

And it sounds different.  It sounds...angrier.

"I...I think we should leave."

"What?"

"This place isn't good."

"What do you mean?"

"It's--"

"Sorry!"

We both look up and see Jyoji's sister Rena running down the stairs.
She's wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt and her hair looks like she
just got out of bed.

"I must have fallen asleep," she says.

"Why'd you lock the doors then?" Jyoji asks.

"They were locked?"

He sighs.

Rena is Jyoji's older sister.  Normally she studies criminology at a
university in Tokyo, but this semester she's taking a break and
spending time with her parents (and with Jyoji).  She has short, brown
hair and though her cheeks are a little more round than usual, she's a
pretty woman, with eyes that sparkle and a smile that never fades from
view.

"Since we're all here finally," Jyoji says, "let's start with the
preparations."

"You don't have to do anything," Aka says.  "You've done enough
already."

"Come on, there's gotta be something I can do.  I don't want to just
sit around doing nothing."

"You can help with the decorations," Rena says.

                                -----

I empty half a tray of ice cubes into a bowl of tempura batter and
whisk it loosely.  Aka is dicing some potatoes for a stew, and in the
living room Jyoji is helping Rena clean.  Even though I'm in another
room I can hear the vacuum Rena is using loud and clear.

I can no longer hear the song, either because it's stopped or because
there's so much noise.  I don't miss it.  Whatever it was, whatever
made it different, I've no great desire to hear it again.

"Is something on your mind?"

I look up.  Aka is stirring a pot.  She's wearing an apron with a
little cartoon chick.

"No, not really," I tell her.

"You seem distracted, lately."

"You think so?"

Aka has always been empathic.  She can see through any lie, can figure
out someone's character just from a few second-long glances.

"Is it anything to do with school?" she asks.

"Well, there's always something to do with school, with the grades I
get."

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to intrude."

"Don't worry about it.  I was just kidding.  You know I get awesome
grades.  I'm so smart the teacher asks me to write the lesson plans
for our class."

She looks at me doubtfully.  Mission failed.

                                -----

Aka and I manage to cook a feast in a little under an hour.  At around
six o'clock people start showing up, mostly people from Jyoji's soccer
team.  Even some of the coaches and the teachers show up.

By all measures the party is a wild success.  Jyoji dug up an old
karaoke machine and all the teachers sang 80's synthpop like they were
teenagers again.  And the grownups turned a blind eye to Rena sneaking
in a few bottles of vodka and sake.  No one drank enough to get
plastered, but we were all nice and tipsy by the end of the evening.
Even Aka took a sip (and immediately squinted her eyes and gagged).

By midnight everyone had left.  People were mostly respectful of
Jyoji's house so there wasn't much cleaning to do.  By twelve-thirty
things were back to normal.

While I'm helping Aka wash the dishes, Rena slips into the kitchen,
holding up a half-empty bottle of whisky.

"Who wants to help me finish this bottle?

"I really shouldn't," Aka says.  "It's already this late.  I'm way
past my curfew."

"Didn't you call your parents?" Jyoji asks.

"I did, but still...I'm getting pretty tired."

"After all the work you did, you should be."

"I'll finish up here," I tell Aka.  "You can leave for home, if you
want."

"I'll walk you," Jyoji says.

Aka nods and dries her hands.  She leaves the kitchen with Jyoji
following her.

"Hmm," Rena says, eyeing me up.

"What?"

"Are you feeling lonely?"

"I have the Lord Jesus Christ in my life.  I never feel lonely."

"Ha ha, yeah right.  Help me finish this bottle."

"Can't you finish it yourself, Ms. Drank A Bottle Of Sake In One
Hour?"

"That stuff was weak.  This is a bit more potent."

I sigh.

"Alright."

I finish washing the dishes and I follow Rena upstairs into her room.

"Woah, are we doing this in your room? I need to prepare myself.
Should I go get condoms? Or will a sock suffice?"

"Shut up.  We're not gonna drink in my room."

We enter her room.  She leaves the lights off, and it's dark outside
so I can't see much.  But her room seems plain.

"Most of my stuff is at uni," she explains.  "I'm just staying here
for a month, so I'm sorry, no stuffed teddy bears or pictures of
SMAP."

"I'm sorta disappointed."

She opens the window and I notice that there's a veranda just outside.
She steps outside and I follow her.

It's a beautiful night.  The stars are out, the moon is full, and
there isn't a cloud in the sky.  Jyoji's house sits on top of a hill,
so from our vantage point we can see most of the town.  We sit down by
the edge and let our bare feet sway in the air.

Rena takes a swig of the whisky, and exhales deeply.  She passes the
bottle to me.  I take a sip.  She was right; the whisky is strong
stuff, and I have to choke it down at first.  I pass the bottle back
to her.

"Not bad, eh?"

"I think I've drunk bat urine that tasted better."

She laughs.

"You know what they say.  The worse it tastes, the faster you get
drunk."

"You can hold your liquor pretty well.  Did you learn that at
university?"

She smiles but doesn't say anything.

We let the night soak in.  There's a cool breeze.  The whisky starts
working its magic, and I can feel the golden buzz surround my body.

"Say..."

"Huh?"

She turns to me.

"How's Aka doing?"

"What?"

"How's she doing? In school I mean."

I shrug.  "I don't know.  She's doing fine.  Why don't you ask her.  I
don't really know her that well."

"And yet here you are."

"Here I am."

"..."

"Why do you ask? Are you curious about her?"

"Of course I am.  She's dating my little brother."

"You've got a brother complex, eh? Been reading too many shoujo
manga?"

"Shut up.  It's nothing like that.  I've just got his best interests
in mind."

"She's a fine girl.  I'd date her."

"Is that supposed to comfort me?" she says sarcastically.

"Wouldn't marry her, though."

"What? Why not?"

"Too boring.  But I think she's just right for Jyoji, and he's right
for her."

"Are you saying Jyoji is boring?"

"A little bit, yeah."

"I ought to push you off this roof."

"I wouldn't.  I can fly, you know.  Like Peter Motherfucking Pan."

"I don't believe you."

"Whatever."

"Would you date me?"

"No."

"Why not?" she says, angry at my answer.

"Too fat."

"..."

She glares at me.

"I can't believe you just said that."

"They used to call me Unbelievable."

Rena hands me the bottle.  I shake it.

"It's empty," I tell her.

"Do you want another bottle?"

"Does a bear shit in the woods?"

                                =====

6/6 - SUNDAY

I wake up the following morning in Rena's room.  It's Sunday and
even though I was completely shitfaced the other night my hangover
isn't too bad.

I stand up, stretch, and look around.  It's as bright as stars
outside.  Rena is lying on her bed, face down, her shirt pulled
halfway up her body.  There's no mistaking about her weight now.

I leave her room and walk downstairs.  Jyoji is sitting in the living
room reading a book.

"You're up," he says without looking up.

"Sorry for crashing at your place like this."

"I don't mind."

"Where are your parents?"

"Shopping."

"Did they care?"

"They didn't know.  The two of you were out cold so I just told them
Rena fell asleep."

"Thanks."

"No problem."

"Good party, last night."

"Yeah."

"Need to do it again sometime."

"Definitely."

"Albeit with less synthpop."

"Maybe."

"See you on Monday, then."

                                -----

The weather is pleasant, and I have a pleasant walk back to my house.

                                -----

Even though I never bothered to call my parents the night before, they
don't bat an eye when I walk home.  It's not that they don't care,
it's more because they trust me so much.  Or at least that's what I'd
like to believe.

I enter my room and hop in my bed.  From my pocket I pull out a worn
out deck of cards.  I've only had this deck for a month and already
all the cards are either frayed at the edges or bent.  But I like
practicing with this kind of old deck, because it makes my job a
little bit harder.

For the next two hours I engross myself in my one and only hobby: card
tricks.

It's an obsession that started when I had just entered high school.  I
stayed up late one night watching television, and there was a special
on starring (I am not embarassed to admit) David Blaine.  He performed
a variety of magic tricks, some big, some small.  But the ones that
impressed me the most were the card tricks, which he'd usually perform
on the streets, without the aid of any prop or studio trickery.  The
ability to amaze people with simple sleight of hand was something I
wanted to mimic.

It was rough at first.  I had no dexterity, my fingers were clumsy,
and more often than not I sprayed the cards all over the room.  But
that only lasted a few months.  By the end of my first year, I was
pretty proficient with most of the standard tricks.  By my third year
I was starting to invent my own.

By the time it's evening my fingers are starting to get sore.  I stop
practicing my card tricks and put the deck away.  It's just starting
to get dark outside.  I realize I haven't eaten anything all day, so I
finally decide to venture outside of my room.

                                -----

"Welcome back to planet Earth," my mother sarcastically quips when she
sees me slinking out of my room.  "Are you hungry?"

My mom is psychic.  No doubt while I'm practicing my card tricks,
she's honing her ESP and telekinesis.

She's sitting on the couch, watching a soap opera.

"I haven't eaten all day," I say.

"I won't bother to ask where you were last night.  It must've been
really important for you to not call me.  Something like your mother
dying."

"Yeah, she got in a car accident last night.  Broke all her rotator
cups."

"There's leftover pasta in the fridge."

"Aah...pasta? Some Japanese mom you are."

"Hey, you should consider yourself lucky to have a mother with such
diverse cooking skills."

"Thank you God, for giving me a mother who likes rigatoni more than
rice."

I head to the kitchen and take out the bowl of pasta my mother
mentioned.  Along with some barley tea, I've got myself a meal.

The pasta is good, a primavera of assorted vegetables.  But it tastes
a little bland, so I dump in some salt.  My mother's cooking is always
a little short on salt.

When I finish up I wash my plates and restore everything back to
order.  I sit down on the couch next to my mother.

"I've figured out a new trick," I tell her.

"Oh.  Show me."

I pull out my cards and I do the routine I was practicing earlier.

"Not bad," she says when I finish the trick.  "I can't tell
immediately how you pulled it off."

My mother, to whom I've shown almost every card trick I know, is good
at keeping track of my hands, to make sure I'm not doing anything
fishy.  If she can't tell, that means my technique is near perfect.

"I'm ready for my own primetime television special."

"I think you've still got a ways to go."

I stretch and yawn.

"I'm gonna walk around outside for a little while.  It's a nice
night."

"Try and come back before ten.  You've got school tomorrow."

"I know."

                                -----

I live in a small nameless town, on a small nameless street in a small
nameless house.

My name? Does it even matter?

The town I live in is zoned very crudely.  There are large blocks of
residential land, next to large blocks of commercial land, next to
large blocks of farm land.  It's as if an eight year old were playing
SimCity for the first time.

So I wind up walking for a long while around the residential district.
It's not really as bland as I make it sound; there are the parks,
there are shrines, and small restaurants and convenience stores can be
found on nearly every street corner.  My school lies somewhere between
the residential district and the commercial district so it's a bit of
a walk for me.  But nothing insurmountable.

I wind up in Fuyuno Park, which isn't too far from my house.

Fuyuno Park has all your standard features: grass, trees, benches, and
dirt paths in between.  Some of the parks have fountains, others have
stone statues of small naked children.  Fuyuno is one of the former.

I sit down on one of the benches.  It's a cool night.

I close my eyes.

And I let the music take me.

I first started hearing the song about a year ago.  In the beginning I
was predictably startled, but it wasn't as if it was causing me any
pain, so I was reluctant to go see a doctor about it.  As time went on
I came to enjoy it.  A beautiful melody ringing in my ears, even
though there seems to be no earthly source.  I thought I was going
mad.  I still do, sometimes.

Suddenly I open my eyes and the music stops.  In its place I hear
something else.

I hear footsteps.

The people in this town are early sleepers, so it's uncommon to see or
hear people walking around this late at night.

I look over my shoulder but I don't see anyone.

I look all around me.  The moon is full so I can see pretty well.  The
trees are rustling.  The grass has a strange bluish color.  It's the
moonlight, I tell myself.

I stand up.  I look around again but I see nothing out of the
ordinary.

I walk around.  This park is a bit different from the other ones.  In
the middle, there's a well.  It ran dry decades ago, and now it's
overrun with weeds.  In order to keep kids from playing around and
falling inside, the well was boarded up.

I look at the well in front of me, and I see that the boards have been
removed.

Destroyed, more like it.  The boards are splintered into dozens of
pieces, all scattered around the well.

Suddenly, I feel cold.  As if the temperature around me has dropped
ten degrees.  My skin shivers.  The arm on my hair is standing on end.
My eyes are wide open.

I look behind me.

Nothing.

I look to my sides.

Nothing.

Nothing to worry about Hyobe, I tell myself.  You're just being
paranoid.  This is just another normal park.  There's nothing special
about it at all.

I manage to convince myself and I turn around to leave the park.  It's
getting late anyway.

I return home without further incident.

                                =====

6/7 - MONDAY

It's Monday, and Monday means the return of school.  Not something I'm
looking forward to.

I decide to make the best of a bad situation by enjoying my fellow
classmates as they walk to school.  My female classmates in
particular.

Unlike many of my colleagues who proclaim their modesty and virtue
when it comes to admiring girls, I am unabashedly appreciative.
Especially during the few weeks before summer break begins, when the
girls are wearing their short pleated skirts and light gray blouses
that so often stick to their skin because of their sweat...

Let us just say that spectators will see me with a great big grin on
my face as I walk to school, silently praying to the wind gods for a
boon, a gift shared between friends.

But then I spy someone walking just a few steps ahead of me, someone
I've been wanting to talk to since last night.

"Hey, Itou!"

She turns around and glares at me.

Her eyes are stern and unforgiving.  Her lips are hard and pressed
together like a vise.  Her long hair is tied back in a pony tail with
a single dark green ribbon.

"What?" she says, almost barking the word at me.

"Ah...I was wondering about something."

"What is it?"

This girl really sounds and acts like an Itou.

"Do you know if anything happened to the park with the well?"

"What?"

"Remember the well that was boarded up a few years ago?  Because of
the accident."

"Yes.  What about it?"

"I visited it last night and the boards were all broken up."

Her eyes open wide.

"What did you say?"

"The boards were all broken up.  As if someone took a sledgehammer and
just busted them all up."

"..."

She glares at me.

"Do you know anything about it?" I ask. "Did you father say anything?"

"No.  I don't know anything about it."

"I see.  I was just wondering."

"Which park was this?"

"It's one near my house..."

"Take me there after school."

"Huh? You don't know where it is?"

"No.  I want to see the well."

She glances to her side for a moment.

"It'd be dangerous if the well wasn't boarded up.  I just want to make
sure it's safe."

"Sure.  I can take you there after school."

"Good."

And with that, she turns around and continues her walk to school.

                                -----

My name is Horibe Hyobe and my least favorite subject is literature.

While our teacher lectures on about dead writers I have scant interest
in, I start to wonder about my classmate Itou Saku.

She's the middle daughter of Itou Daigo, who's the head of the Itou
family.  She has two sisters, one older and one younger.  I know the
younger sister attends our school as well, and I've heard that the
older sister is a college graduate.

Saku herself has a reputation for being a cold person.  She has
friends, but all of them have similar dispositions.  Most of the boys
find her unapproachable, but there are rumors that she's seeing a
college student.

"Is something the matter?" Aka asks me during lunch break.

"Do you know anything about Itou?"

"You mean Saku?"

"Yeah."

"Hmm."

Aka thinks for a moment.

"Not much, I'm afraid.  You seem to have taken a sudden interest in
her lately.  Are you thinking of asking her out?"

"Uh...no.  I was just curious."

"She's very pretty, don't you think?"

"I would have to agree."

"Maybe you could show her a card trick?  That never fails to impress."

"Hmm.  That's an idea."

"You really need a girlfriend, Hyobe-kun."

"I know."

"You're such a nice person.  It's a waste that no one can claim you
for their own."

"It's a work in progress, Aka.  I've got connections.  I've got things
going on, things that are happening even as we speak."

"Uh huh."

"Anyway, if you learn anything interesting about her, be sure to tell
me, okay?"

"Okay."

                                -----

When the last bell rings, Saku walks straight up to my desk.

"Let's go," she says.

"Are you in a hurry to see this well?"

"Yes."

I pack my things and we leave the school together.

                                -----

"Why do you live so far away," she says angrily.

"I guess because the land is a little bit cheaper out here."

"It was a rhetorical question."

"You live even farther away, don't you?  In the old quarters."

"My father drives me to school usually.  But the weather was nice, so
I decided to walk today."

"Did you tell your father about the well?"

"He doesn't need to know.  Not yet."

"..."

Is this some sort of power struggle I'm catching glimpse of?

We arrive at the park and I lead Saku to the well at the middle.  The
scene hasn't changed at all.  Wooden boards are in broken pieces and
scattered all around the well.

Saku picks up a piece and examines it.  She tosses it aside, and goes
to examine the well itself.

"How deep do you think it is?" I ask.

She doesn't answer.

She peers down into the well.  Of course it's so dark that neither of
us can make out anything.

"What do you think happened?" I ask.

No response.

She walks around the well, examining it from every angle.

"Was it like this when you got here?" she asks.

I nod.

"Did you see anything else?"

"No--well, I heard footsteps."

"Footsteps?"

"Yeah. That's all."

"Did you hear a noise before that? Like an explosion?"

"No."

"..."

"What's going on?" I ask.

"Nothing."

She turns to face me.

"I'm leaving."

She starts walking, in a completely different direction.

"Where are you going?" I call out.

"Back to school."

"Then don't you want to go that way?"

"..."

She glares at me. Her gaze feels like icicles. Sharp ones.

"Walk me back," she says, without the slightest trace of humiliation
in her voice.

I sigh.

                                -----

When we arrive at school she turns to face me and tells me:

"Don't mention any of this to anyone.  Do you understand?"

"Wait a minute, can you at least tell me what the hell is going on?
Is this really something that dangerous?"

"It doesn't concern you."

Her gaze turns to her side and she says, almost as an afterthought,
"It's better for you that way."

"Huh?"

"Goodbye."

She marches off.

What a strange girl.

                                -----

There's no way I can leave it at that.  Not after the mysterious and
ambiguous way Saku treated me.

I decide to visit the town library...

...except that our town doesn't have a library.  I call up Aka to see
if she knows anything.

"A library?  I suppose there's one in the city..."

"Ugh, that's too far away.  And I somehow doubt they'd have anything
about the history of this town."

"Ah, wait a second.  The main Itou mansion has a private library, I
remember.  And I think it's open to the public on a limited basis."

"Limited basis?"

"You have to call them up and arrange an appointment."

"Hmm."

"If it's something related to Uoki you want, I'm sure they'd have it."

"Thanks, Aka.  You were a big help."

"Please, don't mention it."

                                -----

I have no clue how many people live in the Itou mansion, but I know
Saku lives there.  And if she catches me snooping around the park's
history, I just know I'm gonna catch flak.

But I decide to take the chance.

At around seven o'clock that evening I call the mansion.  After a few
rings someone picks up.

"Hello?"

Thankfully it isn't Saku.

"Hello, I was calling about your library..."

"Ah, yes.  Are you interested in seeing it?"

"Yes."

"We can arrange a time for you to visit, then."

"Sometime tomorrow afternoon, if possible."

"Is three to four okay?  Or do you need more time?"

"I think that should be enough."

"Very well, then.  I'll tell the maid to expect you."

"Maid?"

"Your name please?"

"Ho--"

"Ho?"

I realize it would probably be a bad idea to give her my real name, in
case she ends up mentioning me to Saku.

"Ho Lee."

"Ho Lee? Ah...I see. We'll see you tomorrow, then."

I hang up the phone.

                                =====

6/8 - TUESDAY

On Tuesday morning I wake up early, take a shower and get dressed.  I
make a quick breakfast of scrambled eggs and toast, and for lunch I
stuff some of my mother's leftover pasta (she made way too much) into
an onigiri.  Rice and rigatoni, the best of both worlds.  Right?

I arrive at class and sit down at my desk.  I sit in the second row,
which is less than optimal for falling asleep during class, but most
of the teachers have a habit of calling on students from the back
row, so it's not such a bad deal.

"Good morning, Aka-san."

"Good morning, Hyobe-kun."

Aka is looking lovely as always. I can't help but feel envious of
Jyoji.

"You look unusually happy today.  Did something happen?"

"Oh..."

She gives a coy smile, one that makes me want to bang my head against
the wall because of how cute it is.

"Nothing much. Did you try calling the Itou mansion?"

"I'm supposed to go there this afternoon."

"Exactly what are you looking for, anyway?"

I glance around.  Saku hasn't shown up yet.

"I'm curious about one of the parks that the Itous built.  The one
that has a well."

"Oh, that one?"

"You know about it?"

"There are rumors."

"Are there?  Tell me.  I've never heard of them."

"They say that the park with the well is haunted."

"Is that so?"

"For as long as I've lived here, people have been claiming that
strange lights and noises appear near the park at around midnight.
That's one of the reasons that people stay away from that park late at
night."

"And no one's done any research into this?"

"Not that I know of.  Most people will tell you that it's just a silly
story made up to scare children.  But what people say and what they
believe are two different things."

Her words echo in my mind as class begins

                                -----

Saku didn't show up for class today.  This is a major event--for as
long as we've been in the same class together, Saku has never missed a
day of school.  For her to just skip class like this, without so much
as a phone call to the teacher explaining her absence, is
unprecedented.

When the final bell rings, I pack my things in a hurry and leave
school.

                                -----

When I arrive at the mansion I see a huge house, easily three times
the size of mine.  Tall iron gates surround the perimeter, and behind
that I can see a well-maintained lawn.  No doubt they have a dedicated
gardener to keep it in such pristine quality.

I buzz the intercom and a second later a voice answers.

"Hello?" she asks.

"This is Ho...Ho Lee.  I called about the library yesterday?"

"Oh yes."  I hear the sound of the gate latch unlocking.  "Please come
in."

I follow a gravel path that cuts straight through the front lawn and
leads up to the main house.

When I reach the front entrance I ring the doorbell.  Seconds later it
opens and a young woman dressed in a maid's uniform greets me.

"We've been expecting you.  Please come this way."

I follow her into a large reception hall, with a cavernous ceiling and
a brilliant crystal chandelier hanging low.  The walls are covered
with paintings, some of them realistic portraits, others abstract
pieces that look like random blobs of colors splashed onto a canvas.

The maid leads me up the stairs to the second floor.  We navigate
through a labyrinth of twists and turns and long corridors.  Finally,
she opens a door and motions for me to enter.

I enter a large room filled with bookshelves.  There's hardly any open
space here; the shelves fill up most of the room and block my view.  I
walk past three, four, five bookshelves in all before I find a small
space with a table.  On the table are a stack of books and yellowing
newspapers.  Sitting at the table is an elderly gentleman, with a
white beard and dark horn-rimmed glasses.  A window behind him fills
the room with natural light.

"Oh, excuse me."

He looks up and stares at me, but says nothing.

"Ah, Lee-san, you're here."

I turn around and see a middle-aged woman bearing a tray of tea and
biscuits.  She sets the tray down on the table beside the man.

"Please, have a seat and enjoy some tea.  Is Darjeeling fine with
you?"

I nod.

I sit across from the old man.  The woman first pours a cup for him,
and then a cup for me.  The man ignores his cup.  He seems engrossed
in the book he's reading.

"Itou Kaori," the woman says. I give a short bow.

"And this is Kurogane Ainosuke," she says, gesturing at the man. "He's
a writer doing some research on this town."

"Oh really?"

"Isn't it a coincidence that the two of you called on the same day?
We hardly ever get visitors. What in particular were you interested
in, Lee-san?"

"Ah...I was interested in this town, also.  I just moved here
recently."

"You're in luck, then.  You won't find the latest bestsellers here,
but if it's this town you're interested in then you'll find plenty of
material.  We have copies of old newspapers going back several
decades, and we have nearly every book written about this town."

"Is this town interesting enough as to warrant this many books?"

She smiles.

"The existence of this library is proof that it is.  Let me show you
where everything is."

She leads me around the library.  As cramped as it is, I soon realize
that everything is laid out in a perfectly logical manner.  The books
are organized in a way as to make a cataloging system unnecessary.

She also shows me where the periodicals are stored.

"Please be very careful with these, as some of them are very old and
are irreplaceable," she tells me.

"Understood."

"I would love to show you more, but I'm afraid I have some urgent
errands to run.  Kurogane-san, do you mind helping Lee-san with any
questions he might have?"

He grunts.  Itou turns to me and smiles.

"Please don't be put off by him.  He may seem rough on the outside,
but he's a very friendly person.  He's been coming to this library
every day for the past week so he's very knowledgeable about where
everything is.  If you have any questions, I'm certain he'll be able
to help you.

"You can stay here as late as you would like.  You can ring the bell
if you need anything.  Well, if you will excuse me."

She turns and leaves the library.

The library is quiet.  The only noise I hear is the sound of Kurogane
turning the pages, one every minute.

I sit down at the table and take a sip of my tea.  It's lukewarm now.

"So what exactly are you researching?" I ask.

He doesn't answer. He doesn't even look up at me.

"Do you mind if I read one of these books?"

Not a sound.  Either he's hard of hearing or he's ignoring me.  When I
move to take one of his books he doesn't say anything, which I'll have
to interpret an affirmative.

The book is none too interesting, financial records for all the public
works projects the Itou family was involved in in the year 2003.  The
next book in the stack is for 2002, and the one after that is for
2001.

From another stack I pull out an old newspaper.  One of the articles
is highlighted, highlighting plans for a suite of new public works
projects spearheaded by the Itou family.  Among them a library (to be
housed in the main Itou mansion) and a series of parks.

I glance at Kurogane.  He's still reading his book.

I grab another newspaper from the stack and flip through the pages
until I find another highlighted article.  This one is about is a
small blurb about the fifth park being constructed in Uoki.

"Are you researching Uoki's parks?" I ask.

This time he looks up.  In a gruff voice he says:

"What about it?"

"I was trying to research them, too."

"Oh were you?"

He leans back in his chair and crosses his arms.

"Is all of this for your book?" I ask.

He nods.

"What exactly are you researching?  Surely it's not just the parks
themselves."

He stares at me.

"What are you suggesting?"

"Are you investigating the well?"

His eyes open wide, only slightly but enough to tell me I've hit the
mark.

"What do you know about them?"

"Them?"

He laughs.

"I guess you don't know much, then.  Here."

He grabs a newspaper from one of the stacks and tosses it to me.

"Sixth page."

I flip through.  Buried in between a story about a dog show and a
piece about nutrition in school lunches, there's a short story about
a missing boy.  His friends claimed that the boy was playing around
one of the wells and fell in.

"What's this?" I ask.

"It happens once every other year or so.  Some kids find a well, they
play around, and one of them falls in.  Every time it happens, the
Itous refuse to let the family search for the remains.  Usually some
out-of-court settlement happens."

"Was this at Fuyuno Park?"

"Nope.  This is the one near the shrine."

"I didn't know that park had a well."

He grins.

"I bet you didn't know this: all of the parks have wells."

"What?"

"It's not obvious if you visit them because most of the wells are
well-hidden.  But if you look far back enough, you'll find stories
like that one for all of the parks."

"Why do all the parks have wells?"

He shakes his head.

"You're asking the wrong question.  The question you should be asking
is: why do all of the wells have parks?"

It takes me a second before I realize what he means.

"You're saying the Itous built these parks around the wells."

"Bingo."

"What makes you think they didn't build the wells along with the
parks?"

"Why would they?  The aquefier underneath this town ran dry a century
ago.  And there are records going as far back as the Meiji era that
mention the wells."

"What's so special about these wells?"

He shrugs.

"I haven't figured that part out yet.  But the Itou family has been
around since the founding of this town, and from what I can make out,
they've always owned the land surrounding the wells.

"I've visited every one of the five parks in Uoki, and I've managed to
find wells in all of them.  Most of them are boarded up. Isn't that
strange?"

I shrug.

"It's a little odd, but not that strange."

"But if these wells are so dangerous, why not fill them up with
cement, or even dirt?  Just boarding them up is asking for trouble."

It's a fair question.

"In any case, there's definitely something strange going on in this
town.  What do you say, kid?"

"Huh?"

"How about you help me out?"

"How would I do that?"

"Read through this stack here.  Look for clues."

If those books are anything like the books I've glanced at so far, I'm
not sure if I can stomach such dry reading.

"I'll pass."

He scowls.

"You kids these days.  Can't be bothered to do any work.  Nothing's
gonna change if you just stay indoors all day, you know.  The world's
moving. If you don't grab it when you get the chance, you're just
gonna get left in the dust."

He returns his attention to his book.

I start exploring the bookshelves.  The random books I pull off the
shelves are all dull reads, mostly financial and legal records from
decades ago.

It's amazing how Kurogane managed to figure anything out from this
mountain of data.  He seems to have far more patience than what a
meager seventeen year old can muster.

After spending another hour browsing the library, I decide I've had
enough for one day.  My day wasn't a complete waste; I learned some
interesting things from Kurogane.  If I were a lazy person, I would
just let him dig up more info and do all the work for me.

"I'll be leaving now," I tell him.  "Thanks for your help."

He grunts.  Not the most expressive form of communication but it gets
the message across.

I leave the library.

                                -----

It doesnt't take me long to get lost.

"I should've called for the maid," I tell myself.

It's now been at least ten minutes since I left the library and I have
no clue where I am.  Looking out the window is no help; the
neighborhood is unfamiliar, and it's hard to see anything beyond the
gates.

There are no lights.  While the Itou family's decision to conserve
energy and keep most of the lights turned off is a laudable position,
it means that in another hour or so I'll be fumbling around in the
dark.  The sun is already setting.  I don't hear anything. No doubt
Kurogane has already left for home by now.

I turn another corner and I behold a long corridor draped in shadows.
I walk past dozens of doors.

What if I run into Saku...

No.  The chances of that happening are slim.  I've been walking all
this time and haven't met a single person.  This house must be huge,
and aside from Saku's family and a small serving staff probably no one
else lives here.  The odds of me meeting Saku are negligible.

I rationalize all this as I turn another corner.  One of the doors
looks vaguely familiar.  Am I walking around in circles?  Will I be
trapped here for eternity, like a lost wanderer in the desert?

Don't make me laugh.  I don't deserve such an anticlimatic ending.  I
refuse it.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm trying to find my way out."

"Go down this hallway, then go left and you'll find the staircase."

"Oh, thanks!"

"By the way. What are you doing in my house?"

"Huh?"

I look over my shoulder and see Saku, clad in nothing more than a bath
towel.  Her long hair is wet and her bangs cling to her forehead.

She's glaring at me.

"Oh..."

"Would you like to explain yourself?  Or am I going to have to call
the police?"

"I was just visiting your library."

"What?"

Her brows furrow in irritation.

"Don't tell me you were talking to that old man."

"A little...don't you feel uncomfortable standing there like that?"

"I'm fine, thank you.  Look, ignore anything that old geezer told you.
He's off his rocker."

"And why should I believe you?" I reply.

She crosses her arms, squeezing her breasts together.  I had always
assumed Saku had a small chest.  Evidently I had been wrong.

"Why should you believe him?" she answers. "That old fool thinks the
government is hiding evidence of UFOs.  His entire theory with the
wells is ludicrous."

"Why is it ludicrous?  And what happened at Fuyuno Park the other
day?"

She glares at me.  Her silent response makes me feel a little more
bold.

"It's a public park, isn't it?  Don't I have a right to know, as a
citizen of Uoki?"

She gives me the coldest stare yet.  This girl could freeze molten
lava with her eyes.

"I think you've spent enough time loitering in my house," she says
after a lengthy pause. "Please leave as soon as possible.  And don't
bother coming back.  The library will be closed from now on."

"Wait a min--"

She turns and walks away.

                                -----

I manage to find my way out of the house.  The maid greets me again at
the door.

"Do you mind if I come again tomorrow?" I ask.

She shakes her head.

"I apologize.  The mistress has told us that the library will be
closing down for renovations.  It will likely open up again sometime
this fall."

I sigh.

"Thank you," I tell her, and leave.

                                -----

When I arrive home it's early evening.

My mother throws me a sharp glance.

"And where were you?  School ended hours ago."

"Doing some research?"

Her eyes start to sparkle.

"Research?  Does that mean you were studying!?"

"Well...in a way."

"Finally!  You're starting to treat your schoolwork seriously."

I smile and nod and do nothing to dissuade her of that notion as I
make my escape to my bedroom.

                                =====

6/9 - WEDNESDAY

"Better to forget about it," I decide early the next morning.  

Saku probably has everything under control.  Better to just let her
handle everything.  Just like she always has.  People rarely help her,
and on those rare occassions where people do offer help, she just
shrugs them off.  That's the kind of person she is.  Independent, even
if it means carrying the world's weight on her shoulders.

...

......

                                -----

During lunch break Makimura stops by my desk.

"Hey Horibe, show me a trick."

This kid.  Makimura is someone who's two steps shy of being outright
obnoxious.  Everyone tolerates him, but just barely.

But performers can't be choosy.

"Alright," I say.  I pull out a deck of cards from my pocket.  It's
something I always carry this around with me.  Whenever I'm bored I
can just practice tricks to pass the time.

"Something better than that last one you showed me.  That one was
kinda lame."

I resist the urge of socking him.

"You want to see a good one, eh?  Have I got some excellent news for
you, my friend.  I'm all out of crappy tricks to show you, so only the
good ones are left."

In two swift motions I shuffle the deck and with a flick of the wrist
I fan out the cards in one hand.

"Pick one."

He does.

I take the card he picked and slip it back into the deck.  By now a
few other kids have started to gather around my desk.  I hold the deck
to one of them, a girl named Kirie.

"Pick one."

"What?  Me too?"

"Go ahead."

She picks a card, looks at it, and hands it back to me.  I slip the
card back into the deck.

I shuffle the cards, twice, then I take off the top card and show it
to Makimura.

"Was this it?"

He shakes his head.

"Oh."

I place the card back on the deck.

"Hmm," I say, mulling it over.  Then I snap my fingers over the deck
and the card suddenly changes.

"Is this it?"

He grins.  "Yeah."

I snap my fingers again, and the cards change again.

"Was this your card?" I ask Kirie.  Her eyes are open wide.  She nods.

"Hmpf," Makimura says.

"How did you do that?" Kirie asks.  "Especially with two people at
once..."

"Mademoiselle, I am afraid a magician never reveals his secrets."

"Show us another trick," another girl asks.  By now at least half the
class is standing around my desk.

"Alright.  This time I'll need five people."

I shuffle the deck once more and have the five students pick out
cards.  They hand the cards back to me and I shuffle them back into
the deck.  With all eyes on me, I then throw the cards into the air.

"What the hell are you doing?" Makimura says.

Everyone looks up, surprised.  I quickly snatch five cards as they
flutter to the ground.

"This is yours.  This is yours.  This is yours.  This is yours.  And
this is yours."

All five of them are wearing shocked expressions on their faces.

"How--"

"That's amazing!"

"You have to tell me how you did that."

I pick up the rest of the cards that are on the ground.

"How can you fall for something so simple," I hear someone say out
loud behind my back.  I turn around.  It's Itou.

"What do you mean?" one of the girls asks.

"When you gave him your cards, he slipped them on the bottom of the
deck.  Then when he threw the cards in the air, everyone looked up, so
naturally no one noticed that he still had five cards in his hand."

"Ohhh..."

"So that's how he did it."

"I should've been playing closer attention."

"Hmm," I say out loud.  "I'm missing a card."

"What?" Makimura says.

"The two of diamonds."

"It's probably on the floor somwhere."

"No."

I turn around and look at Itou.

"It's in Itou-san's pocket."

"What?" Makimura says.

Itou stares at me.

"Can you check?" I ask her.

Very slowly, she reaches into her blouse pocket.  And she pulls out a
card.  A two of diamonds.

"Holy--"

"How did--"

I walk over to Itou's desk.  Her face is like stone, showing not the
slightest hint of emotion.  I smile at her.

"It's good to have a sense of wonder.  We can be kids forever."

I take the card from her.  I take the deck and put it back in its
sleeve, and I put the deck in my pocket.  The bell rings and lunch
period ends.

                                -----

"Aka-san, what things are best in life?"

"Hmm.  Cake?"

"Besides cake."

Aka devotes some serious thought to my inquiry.

"Love?" she finally suggests.

"Yes!  Love is best in life.  Especially love for grandmothers and
caterpillars."

"I'm afraid I don't love caterpillars very much."

"We are all caterpillars, Aka-san.  We are all ugly beings waiting for our
chance to become beautiful butterflies, a chance that seldom comes in
a life as brutish and short as ours."

"I see."

Classes have ended.  It's Aka's turn to clean up the room today, and
I've decided to stay behind and keep her some company.

She's busy sweeping the floor, kneeling down to sweep the dust into
the pan.  Whenever she does this I'm granted a majestic view, so I
have no qualms about staying late like this.  Jyoji, I'm sorry.  I
promise I won't enjoy this too much.

I grab a broom and start performing a kata with it.

"Do you pratice martial arts?" Aka asks.

"No," I answer, putting the broom down.  "Maybe I should.  So I can
prowl the streets, looking for bad guys to beat up."

"I don't think that's something a martial artist would say."

I hear the door slide open behind me.  Standing there in the doorway I
see Itou Saku.

"Hello," I say.

"Is something the matter, Itou-san?" Aka says.

She examines the class room.

"I forgot my book."

"Oh?" I say.  "Maybe I stole it."

"Hyobe-kun!" Aka says.

Saku stares at me as she walks to her desk.  Without taking her eyes
of me, she reaches into her desk and pulls out a book.

"Maybe not," I say, shrugging my shoulders.

She turns to leave.

"Have a nice day, Itou-san," I say.

She stops once more at the doorway to turn and look at me.  Then she
disappears.

"The two of you have been getting along pretty well," Aka notes.

"You call that getting along?"

"I definitely think she's taken a liking to you."

"That would be a first."

"I think I'm done sweeping," she says.

"Next you have to wash the boards."

"You know, if you're going to stay after school like this, the least
you could do is help me."

"But then I'd be obligating you to help me when it's my turn to clean,
and I wouldn't want to impose on you like that."

Aka sighs and smiles.

I grab the bowl of water and I take one of the sponges and squeeze all
the water out.

"Okay, Ashimoto-san, just this once, a special service for you.  I'll
help you wash the boards.  Prepare to be amazed.  Back in Luxembourg,
I won a gold metal in a board washing contest.  I defeated the
reigning American champion in the final bracket.  He was so humiliated
that he wept for five days straight."

"Uh huh."

We wash the boards in tandem, cutting down the time it would have
normally taken in half.

"I think that's all," Aka says, wiping the sweat from her brow.  I
glance at my watch.  It's five o'clock now.

"You were pretty slow," I tell her.  "Definitely won't be going to the
board washing championships."

"That's a shame."

"If you'd like, I could help you train.  But only if you can promise
me gold."

"I'll pass."

She grabs her bag and together we leave the school.

                                -----

Outside we meet up with Jyoji, who up until now had been in the middle
of soccer practice.

"Are you finished?" Aka asks.

"Not yet, we're just on a quick break.  Probably another hour."

"I'll go home first, then."

"I'll call you."  He turns to me and says, "Keep her safe."

"I will personally unleash my Flaming Hot Fist of Death on anyone who
dare lay a hand on her."

Jyoji runs back to the field.

Aka and I leave the school grounds.  Her house is along the way to my
house so we sometimes walk home together.

"You two have been together for awhile now, haven't you?" I say.

"Almost two years," she replies.

"Have you two kissed yet?"

"That's not a question you should be asking a friend."

"Ha ha, okay, I'm sorry.  So how about sex?"

"..."

"I'm--"

"Yes, we have."

"Oh really?"

Here's a rare candid moment from Aka.

"So, how big is he?"

She gives me a funny look that makes me break out in laughter.

"I'm not going to answer that."

I hold my hands apart.

"Is he this big?"

She looks away.  I stretch my hands out a bit more.

"Is he this big?"

"Why don't you go ask him yourself?"

"I don't want him to get the wrong idea.  I'm not interested because
I'm sexually interested in him, I'm just curious."

"..."

I hold out my hands a little bit more.

"This big?"

She gives the slightest nod.  I laugh.

"Ha ha, wow."

"Is that big?" she asks, genuinely curious.

"Yeah, that's big."

"Oh.  I've only done it a few times, so please don't get any strange
ideas about me."

I laugh.  "Don't worry.  I think you're perfectly normal."

"Really?"

"Yeah."

She sighs.

"I don't know why but I have trouble talking about things like this
with my girl friends.  I always get so flustered.  It's easier with
you, though."

"That's because I'm your best girlfriend."

She smiles.

"Probably."

I finish walking her to her home.  Fortunately, there were no stalkers
or serial rapists lurking along the way.

"I'll see you tomorrow," I call out to her as she waves back at me.  I
take a turn at the next intersection and walk the rest of the way to
my home.

                                -----

On my way home I decide to stop by Fuyuno Park.  It's along the way so
it's not as if I'm taking a detour.  I keep telling myself not to get
involved with Itou's affairs, but my curiosity gets the better of me.
Maybe there's something I missed the last time I came here.

Of the eight parks in Uoki built by the Itou family, Fuyuno Park is
probably the smallest.  Not to say that it's tiny; if the entire area
were wooded, you could probably get lost in here.  The park is
completely open. There are no gates, no real indication that you're
entering a park at all aside from two wooden signs posted on opposite
sides of the park.

It's an easy walk to the middle of the park, probably less than a
kilometer.  It's dusk, and you can hear a light breeze rustling the
leaves on the trees.

When I arrive, I find the well boarded up.  There's no sign anywhere
that it had exploded.  It figures.  Saku probably got her father to
fix it.  Nothing surprising.

I walk around the well.  There's absolutely nothing remarkable about
it.  I can't fathom why it might be so important.  Maybe Saku was
right.  Maybe that old man was just babbling.

"Does the well interest you that much?"

I jump back.  I turn to the source of the voice: a young girl sitting
in one of the benches.  Her voice, her proud facial expression, even
her posture, everything about her reminds me of one person.

"Do you know what happened here two days ago?" I ask.

"I wonder."

She's a short girl, and looks to be about middle school aged.  She
keeps her short hair tied in twintails, which normally would probably
look silly, but the style suits her round face well.

"I'm Horibe Hyobe," I tell her.  "You are?"

"Itou Eiko."

"Ah, are you Saku's sister?"

"Not really," she says.

"Huh?"

She looks away.

"What are you doing here?" I ask. "Aren't you a little far away from
home?"

"No reason."

"No reason?  The lives of the wealthy must be fiercely independent, if
a twelve year old girl can walk away from home without supervision."

"I'm fourteen," she says angrily.  "So do you want to know the truth?
Behind this park, that is, and our family. Everything."

"Do you know something?"

"Of course.  The--"

"That's enough."

I look up and I see Eiko's older sister standing behind her.

"We're leaving," she says curtly.

"But I wasn't finished telling Hyobe onii-chan all our family
secrets."

"There's nothing to tell."

"Even about the fact that the wells have no--"

"Enough."

She steps forward and grabs Eiko by the wrist, but Eiko yanks free.

"Don't touch me," she says.  "You have no right to touch me."

I hear a ringing noise.  It's Saku's phone.  She answers, but doesn't
say anything.  After a second she puts it away.

"Stay here," she tells Eiko.  "I'll be back in thirty minutes.  And if
you tell him anything, I'll be sure to tell father about your little
late night trips to the city."

Eiko practically hisses at her sister.

"You wouldn't."

"You of all know people should know what I'm capable of doing."

Saku turns around and leaves.

I sit down on the bench next to Eiko.  She promptly scoots herself
over to the far end of the bench, away from me.  I clear my throat.

"You and your sister don't get along very well, do you."

"She's not my sister."

"What do you mean?"

"Are you deaf?  I said she's not my sister."

"But you're both Itous..."

"That doesn't mean anything."

"Mind cutting the crap and just telling me what the hell is going on
here?"

She glares at me.  These two girls are definitely sisters.

"Nothing is going on," she says.  "Absolutely nothing."

"What do you mean?"

"Just what I said.  There is nothing special about this park, or the
well.  Whatever my sis--Saku thinks is completely wrong."

"Really?"

"I don't care if you don't believe me."

"If nothing is going on then why are the two of you here?"

"Father made me."

"So your father thinks something is going on."

"What?" she says, surprised.  "I never said that."

"No, but it's easy to figure out."

"..."

"So something is going on with this park."

"..."

"Your silence is only confirming my theory."

She turns to me with an exasperated face.

"Look, don't say anything to Saku.  Just play dumb, okay?"

"Okay.  I can do that.  But give me another clue."

"Why the hell do you care so much?"

I shrug.

"I'm curious."

"Well too bad.  I'm not telling you anything.  It's nothing worth
saying, in the first place.  Just a bunch of unconfirmed rumors and
crackpot theories my sis--Saku came up with."

Was Kurogane on to something afterall?

"Come on, tell me something.  Anything."

But Eiko keeps quiet.  She looks straight ahead and ignores me.

I sigh and lean back on the bench.  It'll be awhile before Saku comes
back.  During times like these...

I pull out my deck of cards.  I'll have to get a new deck soon,
performing tricks with such worn out cards can get tricky.  But I also
like it this way.  It makes the job harder for me.

"Want to see a card trick?" I ask.  Eiko gives me a momentary glance
then looks away.  It's enough to tell me she does want to see one.  I
start shuffling the cards.

"I'm pretty good," I tell her.  "I always impress my friends, even
with tricks they've seen a dozen times."

"Magic isn't real," she says.

"Oh?"  I fan out the cards in one hand and hold it out to her.  She
stares at it.

"Magic tricks are just about fooling some idiot and using some sleight
of hand," she says.  "That's all there is to it."

Despite her words, she picks a card and looks at it.  She slips it
back into the deck and I start shuffling them again.

"Maybe," I tell her.  "But they're still fun to watch, don't you
think?"

"Not at all."

I fan out the cards again, this time with the cards facing me, and I
motion for her to pick another one.  She hesitates, then chooses a
card.  When she sees what card it is, she looks up at me.

"How..."

I gently take hold of her hand and turn it so that the card is facing
down.  Then I take another card from my deck and wave it in front of
her card.  When I turn her card over again, it's changed.

"That...that's not possible."

"Want me to do it again?"

"Let me see the face this time."

"Sure."

I wave another card in front of her card, and once again it's
changed.  She stares at me with bugged out eyes.

"It's a trick," she tells me.  "There's some trick to it."

"Sure there is," I tell her with a smile.

I take her card and put it back into my deck.  I shuffle it once
more.

This time I give her the deck.

"Now it's your turn."

"What?"

"Hold out the cards so I can choose one."

"But I don't--"

"Don't worry.  Just let me choose one."

She does so reluctantly.  Her hands aren't nearly as dextrous as mine,
so she has to use both her hands to fan the cards out, unevenly at
that.  I pick out a card, and I make a mental note of it.  King of
hearts.  A good card.  I show it to her, then slip it back in with the
rest of the cards.

"Now shuffle them.  Really good, so you can't tell where my card
went."

"..."

She starts shuffling.  Not a very good job; eventually she just cuts
the deck repeatedly.  But it's good enough for my purposes.

"Okay, that's enough.  Now pick a card."

"Which one?"

"Any one.  Whichever card you think was mine."

"Can I look at the faces?"

"No," I tell her calmly.

She fans the cards out, face down.  She puts her finger on one,
glances at me, then picks another one.  She pulls it out and shows it
to me.

"Nice," I tell her.  She flips the card around.  It's the king of
hearts.

"This isn't possible," she says.  "I didn't do anything at all."

"And yet it just happened.  You saw it with your own eyes, didn't
you?"

"Yeah, but..."

She scrutinizes the cards, looking to see if there are any gadgets
attached to them.  But she won't find anything.  Because it's a
perfectly ordinary deck of cards, a little worn, but there's no
special trick to them.

Eventually she returns the deck to me.

"Still don't believe in magic?" I ask.

"..."

She looks away.

"I can't deny what my eyes saw.  There was no physical way you could
have done those tricks.  Still, you must have done something.  Magic
does not exist in the real world."

I sigh.

"Ah--"

Eiko notices something behind me.  I turn around, and I see Saku.

"How long were you standing there?" I ask.

"Since you gave her the cards."

"Oh.  Sorry, we were just wasting time."

"..."

She's staring at me.

"What?" I ask.

She finally closes her eyes and turns around.

"We're leaving, Eiko."

                                -----

I arrive home a little later than usual, but there's no one around to
lecture me.  Both my parents are away on a business trip.  They go on
one at least once a month, usually for a week at most.  I don't mind
so much.  I like being alone.

Tonight is a special night, because it's been awhile since I've done
something that I usually do on a regular basis.  It's something all
high school aged boys do, even if they don't want to admit it.  Most
stories, both mundane and supernatural, usually skip over it, because
it's a sort of unpleasant to describe activity, on the same level as
bowel movement and bodily scratching.

I prepare myself by heading up to my room and changing out of my
school clothes.  The collared shirt goes off, as do the dark gray
slacks and the black socks.  I open the window.  There's a nice breeze
that feels cool against my bare skin.  I climb onto my bed and I
stretch my arms and legs.

I consider myself a gentleman, so I am careful to avoid all thoughts
of classmates, and other innocent people I know.  So I purge my mind
of Aka.  Nori-sensei, my math teacher, who has recently been wearing
some disturbingly translucent blouses.  The new girl who works at the
convenience store two blocks down from my house, who has the cutest
dimpled cheeks.

And Saku.

The last one is hard, because I've been seeing her often lately.  And
as unappealing as her personality might be, there's no questioning her
simple beauty.  She's the type who eschews makeup.  She doesn't need
it.  Her body has all the advantageous qualities of a young woman:
slender fingers, long arms, full breasts, eyes that could pierce the
heavens.  Women twice her age would be envious of such a girl.  There
are other girls who are prettier, no doubt, but after a certain point,
beautiful is beautiful.

In the end, no matter how hard I try, she dominates my mind.  Those
fleeting glimpses I caught when we met in the hallway.  When we met at
the park.  Countless weeks spent in class, staring at her side
profile.  A proud face.  A will unbreakable.

I clean up afterwards with tissue paper and flush all the evidence
down the toilet.  I wash my hands and scrub them with soap.

So much for being a gentleman.

                                =====

6/10 - THURSDAY

How many Thursdays have there been before today?

Infinitely many.  Too many to count.  If you go past the beginning of
written history, before the age of the mammals, before the dinosaurs,
before mountains rose out from the earth, before this solar system...
there's no end to how far you could go back, and with every week
there'd be another lost Thursday.

Does that make this Thursday any less meaningful?

Or does its seeming insignificance liberate the day, unshackling it
from its bondage to history, to pattern, to expectation?

Today is a Thursday like any other Thursday, and that is why it is the
best of all Thursdays.

"Is something the matter?"

Aka is questioning me, probably because I look like I've misread the
dosage for my medication.

"Nope," I tell her with a smile.  "Everything's fine."

                                -----

Lunch time is show time.

Aka unveils her lunch, and plaudits can be heard all around.

"Impressive," Hyobe says.  "I give it an 8.7."

"Really?  I don't think it's that good.  Just some leftovers, really."

I uncover my own boxed lunch.

"Ta da!" I exclaim.

"Interesting," Aka says.

"Note how I've cut off the crusts off my chicken salad sandwich, to
maximize the delicate flavor of the bread.  I also used homemade
mayonnaise, using pasteurized raw eggs and grapeseed oil."

"Wow!"

"We also have a composed fruit salad, comprised mostly of seedless
grapes, pineapple slices, and apple wedges.  Now, Aka-san, if you were
to give my lunch a numerical rating, what would you give it."

"Hmm.  A 7.2?"

"A...a what!?"

"You've made more impressive ones, I think."

With my manhood soundly defeated, I slump my shoulders and contemplate
weeping tears of manly sorrow.

"Hyobe-kun, are you free this weekend?"

"Pretty much," I answer her.

"Jyoji and I were thinking of visiting the beach.  I wanted to buy a
new swimsuit to wear.  I'm already going shopping with some friends
but I wanted to hear a boy's opinion."

"It would be an honor to help you, my lady."

"Let's meet by the gates after school, then."

"Roger."

                                -----

Aka has far many more friends than I do.  It's owing either to her
pleasant personality or the ingrained social networking capabilities
of the female gender.  Whatever is the cause, when I arrive at the
school gates there are already three other girls waiting there.  I
recognize all of them but only one--Iriye Ruri--is from my class.  The
other two are Takudo Mayumi and Watanabe Naomi.

"Oh ho, it's Aka's other boyfriend."

"Shut up, Mayu.  If Aka heard you say that..."

"I'm just kidding!"

"Hello ladies," I coo.  "I've heard you're in need of some manly
assistance.  Can I lift any heavy boxes for you?  Perhaps I can loosen
my pantaloons and bend over?"

"No thanks," Naomi says.

Aka arrives moments later.

"Everyone is here," she says.

"You're late for once," Naomi says.

"Sorry, the teacher made me run some last minute errands."

"Shall we go, then?" Naomi says.  "We can walk to the shopping
district from here."

                                -----

I'm a guy.  It's my god-given duty to rank women based purely on their
physical appearances, and as the five of us walk to the department
store at the edge of town with me trailing several steps behind them,
I am given ample opportunity to judge.

If Aka were a six (a completely arbitrary number, useful for only
providing relative metrics), then Mayu probably ranks a five.  She's a
homely looking girl, not to say that she's ugly but she's the type who
would blend into a crowd.  A plain face, unadorned by makeup, and an
average, slightly lumpish figure.  Despite her looks, she has a
mischevious personality, and has probably had more boyfriends than
any of the girls here.

Ruri, who hasn't spoken much so far, is a lot like Mayu, only replace
Mayu's short bobbed hair with shoulder-length copper-dyed hair.  Ruri
has an aloof personality and seems kinda timid, but when she speaks
everyone listens.  Probably a five.

Of Aka's friends, Naomi is closest to surpassing Aka in beauty, and in
fact might even edge her out owing to her superior proportions.  Her
breasts are an impressive size and bounce unnervingly with every step.
Her waist is slender, her hips are wide, and of the four girls her
skin complexion is the clearest. A seven.

In the middle of reviewing my assessment, we arrive at the department
store.

It's nothing fancy.  There are three floors.  Women's garments
(including swimsuits) are on the second floor.  No doubt I am the envy
of all the aging salarymen who eye me longingly as I walk with Aka,
Mayu, Naomi, and Ruri up the escalator.

When we arrive at the swimsuit section I am bombarded with an
explosion of colors and synthetic fabrics.  Pink, lime green,
florescent yellow, polka dots and horizontal stripes and every pattern
permutation that can be theoretically designed and printed.

The girls split up and dig through the racks like wolves at an animal
carcass.  My role likely won't come into play until Aka picks
something, so I spent some time digging through the BBBB, the Bargain
Bikini Bottom Bin.  In theory, I could wear one and everyone would
think I was just wearing Speedos...

"Hey."

Naomi is tugging at my shoulder.

"What?  Did you want to model something for me?"

"No, idiot.  Come here."

She pulls me away from the BBBB and shoves me into one of the dressing
rooms.  My heart is beating pretty fast now.  I was certain that
situations like this only happened in letters to Penthouse.

She closes the curtain.  She turns to face me.

"What's your relationship with Aka?" she asks.

"Huh?" I say, disappointment setting into my voice.

"What is she to you?"

I sigh.

"She's a friend."

"Yeah, but what else is she?"

"What are you getting at?"

"I swear, she spends more time with you than with Jyoji."

I shrug.  "There's nothing between us."

"You liar."

"Calling me a liar isn't going to change the truth.  Besides, I'm
absolutely certain that Aka loves Jyoji very much and isn't interested
in multiple sex partners."

"What?  How do you know that?"

"Because they've already had..."

"...Had what?"

"Nothing."

She covers her mouth.

"Oh my god.  You don't mean..."

"They've already had their flu shots.  That's what I meant to say.
Can't be too careful these days, what with the avian flu and whatnot."

"They've had sex!?" she practically yells, and I have to jump forward
and cover her mouth with my hand.

"Be quiet!"

"How do you know they've had sex?"

"She told me," I say with a sigh.

"Bull.  We've been asking her for months and she never tells us a
thing.  Why the hell does she tell YOU of all people?"

"Because I've got such a trustworthy face."

"I don't think so."

"Anyway, let's keep this a secret.  I know asking that from you is
futile, but please, let me pretend to believe you'll keep it a
secret."

"Don't worry.  I wouldn't spread something like this.  Unlike you."

I sigh.

"This is major news.  I'm sorry for ever doubting her."

She lets me out of the dressing room and aside from the strange stares
we get from surrounding customers, we're no worse for the wear.  Mayu
catches sight of the two of us and starts berating us.

"Where were you two?  Aka was looking for you."

"Nowhere," Naomi says brusquely.  She brushes past Mayu and starts
browsing through the bikini section.

When Mayu throws me a look I shrug my shoulders.  I return to my BBBB,
which at this point has become something of a safehaven for me.

"Excuse me."

A woman standing beside me leans over and grabs one of the flimsier
looking bikini briefs.  Her hand is adorned with multiple rings, some
metallic and some plastic.  From her wrist onward she has a monochrome
tattoo of a snake that wraps around her arm, which is bare.  She's
wearing nothing more than a tight-fitting tanktop, and both her arms
and her neck are covered in ornate tattoos.  Her hair is dyed; not a
half-assed dye job either, her hair is a beautiful aquamarine color.
Studs ornament both her ears. Her hair, while not boyishly short, is
cut as close as possible while retaining some look of femininity.
Below her muscular (exposed) waist she's wearing a pair of denim
cutoffs and some beaten-up sandals.

She catches me staring at her.

"You like what you see?" she asks, grinning.

"You look like you're about to smash a guitar into something."

"Do I now?  Mind if I ask what a guy is doing going through bikinis?
Got an afternight hobby?"

"Yes.  When I'm not busy working for the Daily News, I masquerade as a
superhero clad in nothing but spandex and bikini bottoms."

"Interesting."

"The truth is I'm helping a friend pick something out.  She and her
boyfriend are going to the beach this weekend and she wanted to buy
something new."

"You going?"

"My understanding is that this is some sort of romantic adventure, for
which a third party would only be a nuisance."

"That's a shame.  I'm Kozu, by the way."

Kozu.  For some reason the name sounds familiar.

"Hyobe."

"Nice to meet you, Hyobe.  Well I hope you find something that suits
you."

She picks something out from the BBBB and stretches it out, holding it
in front of my groin.

"This is definitely you."

"Think so?"

She hands it to me.

"See you around."

She turns around and leaves, without having chosen something from the
bin. 

"Hyobe-kun?"

"Ah, Aka-san.  Have you picked something?"

"I think so.  Looks like you picked something too."

"Huh?"

She's staring at the scrunched up blue thong in my hand.

"Oh, this.  Yeah, maybe.  I haven't made up my mind yet."

"Is it for Itou-san?"

"What?  No way.  Although..."

She laughs.

"So what have you got?" I ask her.

Aka shows me the two swimsuits she's picked.  Both are one pieces: an
orange with one a halterback design, and a red strapless one.

"Hmm," I say, scratching my chin.

"Should I try them on?"

I nod.

Aka changes into the orange swimsuit in the dressing room.  When she
steps out, I have her turn around so I can examine her from all
angles.

"Hmm," I say again.

"Is it bad?" Aka asks timidly.  She's fidgeting.

Naomi, Mayu and Ruri have walked up to us.

"It's not bad per se..." Mayu says.

"It's a waste," Naomi says.  "You're one of the few girls in our
school with nice proportions.  It'd be a waste to hide it like that."

"Yes," Aka protests, "but..."

"How about this?"

Naomi holds up something that can be barely called a swimsuit.  More
like two pieces of string tied in a knot.  Aka shakes her head
vehemently.

"No.  Definitely not."  With despairing eyes she turns to me.  "What
do you think Hyobe-kun?  This one is alright, isn't it?"

I close my eyes and I turn away.

"Aka-san," I say out loud,  "you invited me here today for a reason.
It's not so I can ogle at your body."

"I would hope not," I can hear Mayu mutter.

"It's not to blindly go along with whatver you think is adequate.
No.  I am here because you have given me a task.  A quest, you could
say.  Yes, a Swimsuit Quest."

"What are you babbling about?" I hear Naomi say.

"In me you have entrusted a judgement you are too nervous to accept.
You presumed that I would know what Jyoji would like.  I apologize,
Aka-san, but I can offer no such service.  You can hate me if you
want--"

"Oh, I wouldn't."

"--but Jyoji and I are two separate beings.  I cannot even begin to
fathom what his preferences are when it comes to swimsuits, whether he
prefers one pieces or two pieces or three pieces--"

"What?" Mayu says.

"--I just cannot tell you what he would like.

"However.

"Jyoji and I are both males.  Young adolescent males, and what we lack
in experience we make up for in passion, passion for the beauty of the
female form.  I can only speak in this capacity, and it is this
identity that I assume when I am talking to you like this.  And as
Everyboy, I must tell you something you do not want to hear.  But I
will say it, because to say otherwise is to betray my existence.

"These two swimsuits are not adequate.  Would you buy a multimillion
dollar Picasso, only to throw it under a tarp and hide it in the
basement?"

"He has a point," Naomi says.

"Aka-san, you are a Picasso, a Monet, a Rembrandt, a work of art whose
concealment constitutes not only a tragedy, but a crime against
mankind itself."

"R-really?"

"Aka-san, I cannot let you leave this store until you buy something
that displays your beauty instead of hiding it.  I will ask you,
Aka-san.  Please entrust in me all your fears, your hopes and your
dreams, and I will select something for you.

"But you must promise me that whatever I choose, you'll accept it
without a single tear or a word of complaint.  Aka-san, can you do
this for me?"

"..."

"Well?" Naomi says.

"O-okay," Aka manages to stutter.

I bow.

"This will only take a minute."

                                -----

A minute later I return with a black two piece swimsuit.

"Not bad," Naomi says.

The top is a demi-cup design, with simple straps that will serve to
accentuate her breasts while providing good support.

"I like it," Mayu says.

The bottom is a bit more modest than what contemporary fashion would
dictate, but for Aka's demure personality it suits her perfectly.

Ruri nods her head.

Likely there are only five or six swimsuits in this entire store that
are as good or better than this one.  It's a perfect match, and Aka's
friends seem to agree.

"No."

"What?"

"I...I can't wear something like that!"

"Come on Aka," Naomi says, "there's a first time for everything."

"Noooo..."

                                -----

In the end we had to drag Aka kicking and screaming to the cash
register, where everyone gave us strange looks.  But at the end of the
day, Aka had in her possession one bikini swimsuit.

"Just think of how happy Jyoji will be," Naomi says.

Aka wiped away her tears.

"You're just overreacting.  Women wear bikinis all the time."

Another sniffle.

We reach the intersection where Mayu, Naomi and Ruri go one way and we
go the other way.

"We'll see you tomorrow then," Mayu says.  

We split up and walk our seperate ways.

After a long while of silent walking, Aka finally speaks up.

"I'm sorry.  I've been acting childish."

I say nothing.

"You're right, of course.  I asked you to help me for a reason.  It
would be selfish of me to ignore your advice."

"I wouldn't say selfish..."

"Thank you, Hyobe-kun.  It was right of me to ask you for help."

She smiles, a genuine one, the kind that fills your heart with warmth,
even if you're the blackest monster from the lowest depths of Hell.

"I'll see you tomorrow, Hyobe-kun."

I wave as she disappears around a street corner.  There's no doubt in
my mind that if she weren't already taken, I would have fallen for
her.

                                =====

6/11 - FRIDAY

"Karaoke!  Karaoke!"

Naomi chants the word in a variety of tones and textures.  It's like
she's trying to hit that magical pronunciation that resonates with us
and inspires us to join her.

So far, it's working.  With five people in our group (Naomi, Mayu,
Aka, Jyoji, and myself) we already have enough people to have a good
time.

But we're missing someone.

"Where's Ruri?" I ask.

"She was in the library," Aka says.

"I'll go get her.  You guys go ahead."

                                -----

Our school has a library but it's a library in name only.  There are
no bookshelves filled with dusty tomes.  There are no cute librarians
to help you find self-help books on dating.  There are books, but
they're all textbooks for our classes, and most of them are so old
that the covers are fallling off.  It's accurate to say that our
library is more like a study hall.  It's quiet here, and a few of
students sometimes come here to study before exams.

But it's not exactly exam season, so it's odd for someone like Ruri to
hide out here.

Despite sharing a class together, I honestly don't know much about
Ruri.  She has dark copper hair cut short, and she's tweaked her skirt
to be a few centimeters lower than regulation length (don't ask me how
I notice these things, I just do).  She's always wearing a pair of
headphones connected to some unseen player.

She's been Aka's friend since before I've none either of them, and
despite her rarely talking Aka always invites her whenever her friends
do something together.  Which is why it's strange she didn't tag along
this time.

The library door creaks loudly when I open it.  Oops.  Sorry for
interrupting your studying.

I find Ruri sitting alone, by herself, at a large round table, reading
a book that looks like it has nothing to do with exams or studying.
She still hasn't noticed me yet, so either she's ignoring me or she's
so engrossed in her book that her sense of hearing has been
dramatically reduced.  I sneak up behind her with ease.

Now, how best to interrupt her?  Should I clear my voice?  Tap her
shoulder?  Should I even bother.  She seems so consumed by her book
that it would be mean to

"RURI!"

"AAAAHHHH!"

She screams and jumps up, dropping the book and turning around.

"What?" she says angrily when she realizes who it is.

I grab her hand.

"It's an emergency.  We have go to go."

"Huh?  What happened?"

"I'll tell you on the way.  Come on, we have to go."

"Wait a minute, tell me what's going on first."

"We don't have time, Ruri!  This is a life and death situation!"

Ruri reluctantly gets up and puts her book away.  I run for the door,
and she jogs along after me.

                                -----

"Yo."

Jyoji greets me as Ruri and I arrive outside the front entrance.

"So...what's...going...on..." Ruri pants in between breaths.

"We're going karaoke," Naomi says.

"Wait...what's the...emergency..."

"The emergency," I begin to say, "is that I can't sing without backup.
I sound absolutely TERRIBLE singing by myself.  I would just die."

Ruri glares at me.

"That's the emergency?"

"Like I said.  Life and death situation."

She shakes her head.

"Whatever.  Since I'm here, I'll go."

"Yay!" everyone collectively says.

                                -----

It's already ten o'clock and the girls show no sign of stopping.

After singing a duet with Ruri (the girl can really belt it out), I
excuse myself for a cigarette break.

The karaoke bar exits into a seedy looking alley, complete with
flickering neon signs and shady looking people wearing berets palming
off unidentifiable objects to random passerbys.  On a scale from one
to twelve, the legality of this alley probably ranks a negative five.

I lean against the brick wall.  I don't actually smoke, but breathing
in second-hand smoke is close, right?

I hear the door chime.  It's Jyoji.  He stands next to me and we share
a minute of liquid silence.

"Thanks for coming," he finally says.

"Glad to be here."

"Aka was really hesitating to go before she learned you were coming."

In fact, I was one of the first people Naomi asked.  At the time I
attributed it to the new cologne I was wearing, L'eau de Toilette, but
perhaps Naomi had something else in mind.

"There's nothing--"

"I know," Jyoji says with a smile.  "I trust Aka.  And you're a good
guy.  I know you wouldn't do anything crazy like that."

He laughs.

"She seems really open with you.  I guess this past year I haven't had
much time to spend with her."

"Soccer keeping you busy?"

He sighs and nods.

"Sometimes..."  He's staring across the alley, at the wall on the
opposite side.  "Sometimes I just feel like quitting.  You know?  Like
maybe all this training and all these games, what do they really mean
to me.  Sometimes I have to ask myself this question: what's the most
important thing in my life right now?  And for me, the answer to that
is really easy.  It's Aka."

"She loves you," I tell him.

"Yeah, I kind of get that feeling."  He grins.  "That's why I want to
spend more time with her.  The way it is right now, with us going on a
date like maybe once a week..."

That would probably be perfectly normal to some couples.

But I say nothing.

"...it's just driving me crazy.  That's why I gotta thank you for
being her friend.  She needs more friends like you, like Naomi and
Ruri and Mayu.

"I know she's popular, and practically everyone in the school knows
her and thinks she's nice.  But there's this huge gap--"

Jyoji spreads his hands apart, to about the width of his shoulders.

"--between people you've met, and people who are your friends.  And
then there's another gap between friends, and best friends.  Me, I'm
not even sure if I qualify as a best friend.  But she needs at least
one.  Of all the people in the world..."

His voice begins to trail off.

"...she needs good friends.  She deserves them."

His voice is trembling by now.

I slap him on the back.

"Don't worry, man.  I'll be her friend.  Hell, if she asks to borrow
my favorite porno ever, the one I had to steal from my uncle, I'll
lend it to her.  I wouldn't do that for anyone, you know."

He laughs.

"I don't think you'll ever have to give that out.  But thanks, man."

Jyoji spends a couple seconds regaining his composure.  Soon, he's his
macho self again.

"Let's go back in."

                                =====

6/12 - SATURDAY

When I wake up on Saturday morning, I can still remember my talk with
Jyoji.  Normally, Jyoji hardly ever talks.  He has a reputation of
being a silent guardian, a stone golem, and you have to bombard him
with questions just to get a word out of him.  For him to say so much,
much of it deeply personal, makes me wonder if he's been taking any
strange pills lately.

But now I know that Aka's love isn't one sided.  Jyoji possesses the
sort of selfless dedication you seldom see in high school students.
It makes me want to support them all the more.

I get out of bed.

                                -----

My mother is still asleep.  I whip up a quick breakfast.  Eggs and
toast.  I wolf it down, clean the plates and get ready for school.  By
seven o'clock I'm out the door.

                                -----

Along the way to school I meet Naomi.  Normally I get to school early
and Naomi gets to school late, so under normal circumstances we never
see each other on our way to school.

"Why are you up so early?" I ask her.

She yawns.  She's clearly not used to this early morning routine.

"Have to take a make up exam."

We stop at a busy intersection.

"What are you doing to this weekend?" Naomi asks.  "You don't look
like the partying type."

"Yeah, I'm more of a brood about global warming type."

"Come with me."

"Where?"

"I've a college friend who's throwing a birthday party for one of his
friends.  Mayu bailed on me.  Aka is gonna be away with Jyoji, and
Ruri she said she had to do something for her parents."

"So basically what you're saying is that I'm the last resort."

"Pretty much.  Don't feel so bad, I could've asked Makimura before I
asked you."

"I'm honored.  I'll go."

The light changes and we cross the street.  Naomi takes out her
cellphone and points it at me.

"Let's swap numbers.  I'll call you later with the details."

                                -----

Naomi gives me a call later that evening and we agree to meet at the
train station.

When I arrive at the train station I find it empty aside from a young
woman sitting in one of the benches.  There's no one else here.  I
walk past the woman, intending to sit down at that nice looking bench
at the far end of the platform, when I hear a voice call out behind
me.

"Where are you going?"

I turn around.  The woman is staring at me.

"Sit down," she says.

I'm not about to turn down an opportunity to sit down next to a pretty
woman.

As I start to approach her, I get to take a good look at her.  She's
wearing fancy clothes: a black miniskirt, a blouse that looks one size
too small for her chest, and glossy black high heels.  Her hair is
radiant even underneath the pale light of the street lamps, and her
face...

"Wait a minute."

"What?" she says.

"Naomi?"

"Duh?  Who'd you think I was?"

"I can barely recognize you."

She smiles.

"Do I look good?"

"Like a million bucks."

"I wish you would've dressed up a little, too."

I look down at my clothes.  I'm wearing an old t-shirt and some faded
blue jeans.

"I didn't know this was gonna be a fancy party," I say.

"It's not really.  I just wanted to dress up for once.  You may not
believe this, but I don't go out to parties often.  Usually I just
stay at home."

"Brooding about global warming?"

"No, nothing like that.  I go out like this maybe once a month."  She
pauses to laugh.  "Usually it's Mayu who drags me around.  She's a
total party animal."

The platform begins flashing as the train arrives.  We board it and
find a seat in the back.  There's no one on the train.

"Where do we get off?" I ask.

"Shiba.  That's three stops.  Be sure to keep count.  I always miss my
stop."

I look out the window as the scenery rushes by.

                                -----

We arrive at our stop and get off the train.

"Is it far?" I ask as we leave the station.  She takes out a note from
her blouse and unfolds it.

"It's only a few blocks, I think."

We stroll leisurely through the warm summer night.  I start to whistle
a tune, badly.

"Thanks for coming," she says.

"Sure."

"I was afraid of coming by myself.  To be honest I hardly know anyone
there."

"What a coincidence.  Me neither."

We stop in front of a large house.  There are cars parked all around
the street, and there's loud music coming from inside the building.  A
few people are standing around outside, drinking beer from plastic
cups.

"Come on," Naomi says.  She grabs my hand and we walk up to the house.

                                 ----

The house is swarming with people, most of them inebriated and walking
in circles.  Someone bumps into Naomi and spills some beer on her
blouse.  He gruffly apologizes and then disappears behind a wall of
people.  Naomi frowns but says nothing.

We walk around the house for awhile, forcing ourselves through dense
crowds.  Finally, Naomi waves her hand at someone.  He's dressed
sharply in a tight fitting white shirt that hugs his toned body, and a
pair of black jeans.

"Naomi!" he calls out, and the two of them hug.  "I'm glad you made
it."

"This is Hyobe, a friend of mine."

I smile and he smiles back.

"This is Johnny," Naomi says.

"Not my real name," Johnny says, "but that's what everyone calls me.
Nice to meet you, Hyobe."

He extends his hand.  We shake.

"Why don't the two of you grab yourselves a beer?  
