-*- mode:text; mode:auto-fill; indent-tabs-mode:nil; -*-

Horibe Hyobe is a seventeen year old third year transfer student at
Uoki Gakuen.  After a brief encounter with the former captain, he
becomes the new captain of the school's magic club.  Together with his
assistant Ashimoto Aka, they put on a magic show every week to sold
out crowds.  Despite the regularity of his shows, he never fails to
impress.

The magic club has historically had only two members: a captain and an
assistant.  This is unusual because the school mandates that all clubs
have at least five members to be officially recognized.  The precise
reason why the magic club is exempt from this rule is one of the
school's many legends.

While Aka and Hyobe are friendly with each other, they have yet to
become more than acquaintances.  Hyobe, upon learning that Aka has a
boyfriend, decides to remain strictly professional with Aka.  But one
day Aka asks Hyobe to help her set up a surprise birthday party for
her boyfriend Jyoji, and Hyobe agrees.

Hyobe helps Aka cook the meals and set up the party decorations.  At
the party, Hyobe meets Jyoji's older sister Rena.  The two sit outside
and shoot the breeze, and mainly discuss Jyoji's relationship with
Aka.  He also shows her his signature trick that he used to impress
the former captain: he steals her bra.

In honor of Jyoji's birthday, Hyobe drags Jyoji to an adult video
store to buy his first porno.  While waiting in line they get caught
by Rena, who's carrying a vibrator.

Hyobe helps Aka with clean up duties and walks her home.  Aka gives
Hyobe a whirlwind tour of the village, visiting all the major locales
including Fuyuno Park, Ishieda Shrine, and Hario Hill.  Aka mentions
that her parents are away.  When they arrive at her home, Aka invites
Hyobe in but he makes up an excuse and leaves.

Aka invites Hyobe to a vacation she and a few of her friends were
planning.  Along with Jyoji, Rena, and Naomi, the five of them will
spend three days and two nights at a beach-side resort.

Jyoji and Aka disappear together.

Naomi and Hyobe go for a swim, then walk along the beach.  They come
across a trail leading up a cliff side.  Inside a cave, they spot
Jyoji and Aka having sex.  Naomi and Hyobe watch for a few rapt
minutes, then break away.  Naomi confesses to Hyobe that she has
always liked Jyoji, and worries if the only reason she befriended Aka
was to get closer to him.

Jyoji and Naomi return to the inn.  Rena has already started drinking
a bottle of cheap sake.

Aka and Jyoji return.  Naomi tries to avoid eye contact, and Hyobe
does his best to act normal.  They eat dinner, then play card games.
Hyobe shows off a few simple tricks.

A musician staying at the inn plays a few songs and everyone listens.

Hyobe wakes up in the middle of the night and hears a strange,
unearthly song.  He is too tired to investigate and drifts back to
sleep.

The following morning they go swimming.  Hyobe takes a break.  He sees
a young boy hitting on women thrice his age (and getting rejected).
Impressed by his bravery, Hyobe asks him how he does it and the boy
teaches Hyobe some seduction tips.  The two of them try their luck
hitting on random girls but continually get rejected.  Hyobe
unwittingly ends up hitting on Naomi.  As an apology, he agrees to buy
her lunch.  Hyobe spies the boy making out with a woman and he laments
his ill luck.

In the evening, Rena starts up a grill on the beach and Naomi and
Hyobe help her.  Aka and Jyoji join a few minutes later.  They eat
dinner together.  Aka and Jyoji excuse themselves.

Rena tries to follow them but Hyobe stops her.  Naomi lets loose that
Aka and Jyoji have already had sex, and this convinces Rena that she
absolutely has to follow them.  Naomi and Hyobe reluctantly join her.

The three of them follow Aka and Jyoji behind the inn, across the
street and underneath a bridge.  Aka stops Jyoji and lifts her skirt,
in full view of a homeless man who lives underneath the bridge.  Jyoji
voices his hesitation but Aka starts stroking him.  The two of them
have sex while Rena, Hyobe, and Naomi watch.  Afterwards, Rena, Hyobe
and Naomi return to the inn.

Aka and Jyoji return a short while later.  Jyoji leaves to take a
shower.  To Hyobe's horror, Rena jokingly confronts Aka about her
having sex with Jyoji outdoors.  Aka becomes embarrassed, apologizes,
and runs out.  Hyobe admonishes Rena and chases after Aka.  Hyobe
bumps into a foreign woman on the way out.

Hyobe comforts Aka and convinces her to come back with him to the inn.

Jyoji and Rena are found murdered.

-----

Probaby 90% of a good magic trick is in the presentation.  The
technical details are rarely complicated.  Once you have a few tricks
under your belt, the rest are within easy reach.  

What separates a mediocre magician from a memorable one is in the
level of polish he adds.  The little touches, the flourishes, the
sweeps, the flicks.  Even the way he moves his hand matters.  The goal
of the magician isn't to swap some cards or to hide a coin.  It's to
impress an audience.  The trick itself is almost secondary.



                               SUMMARY
                               -------

The story is divided into three major arcs: Magician, Mother, and
Monster.

The Magician arc introduces the world of Eight from a naive
protagonist's perspective.  It establishes the core events which will
reoccur in the other arcs: Hyobe meeting Saku, Ona arriving at Uoki,
and Ona going on a killing spree.

Hyobe is slowly discovering an ability he has acquired in the last
year: the ability to teleport small things over small distances.  When
Saku finds out, she tries to coerce Hyobe into joining the Eighth
Order.  He agrees on one condition: she'll help him find out who
murdered Jyoji's sister.

When Saku learns the precise manner in which Rena died, she explains
that the placement of the body parts resembles an octagram.  Octagrams
are potent symbols in sorcery, as each point is supposed to invoke one
of the eight kinds of tone.  But she confesses she doesn't know the
correlation between the murder and the octagram.  They turn to Saku's
older sister Kozu.

Kozu shrugs Saku off.  Their meeting turns into a date as Hyobe shows
off a few simple tricks to Kozu.  Kozu becomes enamored by Hyobe and
the two of them end up ditching Saku.  The two window shop, stop by at
an arcade, and finally they visit a favorite bar of Kozu's.  Kozu buys
Hyobe some beer.

Hyobe starts asking questions about Kozu's life.  Kozu reveals that
she used to be a member of the Eighth Order, and in fact she was the
one who pressured Saku into joining.  But eventually Kozu just lost
interest, because it was clear to anyone that magic wasn't real and
that the order was just a bunch of fables and myths.  When Hyobe asks
about the octagram, Kozu explains that it's part of a gruesome ritual
that allows the ritualist to quickly acquire tone.  Kozu goes on to
say that it's an extremely crude method and there exist better, more
efficient ways, including kissing and sex.

After a few shots Kozu is completely incapacitated.  Hyobe calls a cab
and he helps her into Saku's house.  Saku glares at Hyobe, but after
they put Kozu in bed he spills everything he learned from Kozu.

Saku concludes that a sorcerer is behind Rena's murder.

Hyobe and Saku are both amateur sorcerers dealing with insurmountable
odds.  They struggle to understand the circumstances but are
hopelessly ill equipped to deal with Ona.  Not only do they have to
fight Ona, but Nigel appears on behalf of the Temple and tries to
hunt down the Eighth Order.  Through sheer determination Saku and
Hyobe are able to delay Ona's apotheosis by a week, but ultimately,
they fail to stop her.  But before Ona can summon her tone sink,
Kuriko realizes what is happening.  She sacrifices her left eye to use
her ability and resets the world to the beginning of the arc.

The Mother arc starts in the same way as the Magician arc, with two
key differences: both Ona and Kuriko are aware of the reset, and a
Third God has been sent to investigate the massive usage of tone in
Secundus.  Kuriko seeks out Hyobe and Saku and explains the situation
to them.  Kuriko and Hyobe help Saku summon a tone sink, and the two
begin training in preparation for Ona's arrival.  Meanwhile, Guon (the
Third God) finally deduces the location of the incident and arrives at
Uoki.  But ultimately he remains ignorant of what is going on.

For a short while Saku, Hyobe and Kuriko enjoy a peaceful life.  The
appearance of Ona changes everything.  Guon immediately feels her
presence and is able to identify her.  He then deduces everything
else.  Guon decides that the best way to remedy the situation is to
kill Ona himself.  He attacks, but Ona eludes him.

Kuriko, Hyobe, Nigel and Saku prepare to attack Ona while she's stilla
t her weakest, but Guon's presence spoilers all their plans.  Ona
creates a distraction by summoning monsters in the town.  Kuriko
struggles with a dilemma: should she try and stop the monsters, or
should she ignore them and focus on Ona?  After much wrangling, she
decides on the latter.

Ona eventually kills Guon.  She then immediately seeks out Kuriko,
killing Saku and Nigel in the process.  Hyobe does his best to defend
Kuriko and manages to kill Ona over nine times.  Ona lets her anger
get the better of her and ends up spending all her tone ressurrecting
herself. When she finally manages to kill Hyobe she's spent all her
tone.  Kuriko, seeing that this world was a failure too, sacrifices
her remaining eye to reset the world.  Ona is powerless to stop her
because her fight with Hyobe used up all her tone.

The Monster arc starts in the same way as the Mother arc, only this
time, Kuriko is gone.  Kuriko's absence means they will not be able to
reset the world if they fail.  Facing such grim odds, Hyobe and Saku
decide that they have no choice: they will join Ona and try to control
her, either by attacking at an opportune moment or somehow befriending
her and convincing her to leave Secundus.  In order to do this, they
will have to become monsters like her.  If Ona doubts them in the
slightest, she will easily kill them.

When Ona appears in Secundus, Hyobe and Saku team up and help her kill
Guon.  Hyobe makes the proposition to her.  Since Kuriko is no longer
a factor, Ona decides to amuse herself by playing along.  Ona has the
two commit increasingly heinous crimes, culminating in the rape and
murder of their own family members.  Hyobe follows Ona's orders
mercilessly, even cracking jokes, but Saku struggles to comply.  As
the two are driven further away from their humanity, they increasingly
seek each other to keep their sanity in check.  When Saku is on the
verge of giving up, Hyobe tells her to lay all her burdens on him.
He'll carry them for her.

For the final act, Ona demands Hyobe kill Saku.  Hyobe refuses,
arguing that Saku would fight back and at his current level, he would
probably die.  Ona laughs and agrees.  She agrees to let the two of
them help her.

Worried at how long Guon is taking, the Third World sends four more
gods to investigate Secundus, and the Fourth World sends one as well.
Guon left a dying message that lets the team quickly figure out what
is going on.

Hyobe slowly but surely befriends Ona.  Even though Ona realizes what
is happening, she plays along because the comfort of having a friend
she can trust is too strong for her to deny herself.  Ona tells Hyobe
about Sariel, and how the two of them were once inseparable friends.
But then Sariel betrayed her, and all their dreams were collectively
dashed.

